.TH "moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric" 3 "5 Jul 2007" "Version 1.0-beta" "ParadisEO-MOEO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric \- Hypervolume binary metric allowing to compare two objective vectors as proposed in Zitzler E., Künzli S.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoNormalizedSolutionVsSolutionBinaryMetric< ObjectiveVector, double >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric\fP (double _rho=1.1)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBoperator()\fP (const ObjectiveVector &_o1, const ObjectiveVector &_o2)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the volume of the space that is dominated by _o2 but not by _o1 with respect to a reference point computed using rho. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBhypervolume\fP (const ObjectiveVector &_o1, const ObjectiveVector &_o2, const unsigned int _obj, const bool _flag=false)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the volume of the space that is dominated by _o2 but not by _o1 with respect to a reference point computed using rho for the objective _obj. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBrho\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIvalue used to compute the reference point from the worst values for each objective \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoParetoObjectiveVectorComparator\fP< ObjectiveVector > \fBparetoComparator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFunctor to compare two objective vectors according to Pareto dominance relation. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class ObjectiveVector> class moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric< ObjectiveVector >"
Hypervolume binary metric allowing to compare two objective vectors as proposed in Zitzler E., Künzli S. 

: Indicator-Based Selection in Multiobjective Search. In Parallel Problem Solving from Nature (PPSN VIII). Lecture Notes in Computer Science 3242, Springer, Birmingham, UK pp.832–842 (2004). This indicator is based on the hypervolume concept introduced in Zitzler, E., Thiele, L.: Multiobjective Optimization Using Evolutionary Algorithms - A Comparative Case Study. Parallel Problem Solving from Nature (PPSN-V), pp.292-301 (1998). 
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class ObjectiveVector> \fBmoeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric\fP< ObjectiveVector >::\fBmoeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric\fP (double _rho = \fC1.1\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Ctor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_rho\fP value used to compute the reference point from the worst values for each objective (default : 1.1) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 37 of file moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric.h.
.PP
References moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric< ObjectiveVector >::rho.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class ObjectiveVector> double \fBmoeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric\fP< ObjectiveVector >::operator() (const ObjectiveVector & _o1, const ObjectiveVector & _o2)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the volume of the space that is dominated by _o2 but not by _o1 with respect to a reference point computed using rho. 
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
don't forget to set the bounds for every objective before the call of this function 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_o1\fP the first objective vector 
.br
\fI_o2\fP the second objective vector 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 63 of file moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric.h.
.PP
References moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric< ObjectiveVector >::hypervolume(), and moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric< ObjectiveVector >::paretoComparator.
.SS "template<class ObjectiveVector> double \fBmoeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric\fP< ObjectiveVector >::hypervolume (const ObjectiveVector & _o1, const ObjectiveVector & _o2, const unsigned int _obj, const bool _flag = \fCfalse\fP)\fC [inline, private]\fP"
.PP
Returns the volume of the space that is dominated by _o2 but not by _o1 with respect to a reference point computed using rho for the objective _obj. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_o1\fP the first objective vector 
.br
\fI_o2\fP the second objective vector 
.br
\fI_obj\fP the objective index 
.br
\fI_flag\fP used for iteration, if _flag=true _o2 is not talen into account (default : false) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 96 of file moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric.h.
.PP
References moeoNormalizedSolutionVsSolutionBinaryMetric< ObjectiveVector, double >::bounds, and moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric< ObjectiveVector >::rho.
.PP
Referenced by moeoHypervolumeBinaryMetric< ObjectiveVector >::operator()().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO from the source code.
