.TH "moeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment" 3 "26 Jun 2007" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOEO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment \- Diversity assignment sheme based on crowding distance proposed in: K.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBmoeoFrontByFrontCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef MOEOT::ObjectiveVector \fBObjectiveVector\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe objective vector type of the solutions \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBinf\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a big value (regarded as infinite). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBtiny\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a very small value that can be used to avoid extreme cases (where the min bound == the max bound). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIComputes diversity values for every solution contained in the population _pop. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdateByDeleting\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop, \fBObjectiveVector\fP &_objVec)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetDistances\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the distance values. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class MOEOT> class moeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >"
Diversity assignment sheme based on crowding distance proposed in: K. 

Deb, A. Pratap, S. Agarwal, T. Meyarivan, 'A Fast and Elitist Multi-Objective Genetic Algorithm: NSGA-II', IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation, vol. 6, no. 2 (2002). 
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file moeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::operator() (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Computes diversity values for every solution contained in the population _pop. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< eoPop< MOEOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file moeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment.h.
.PP
References moeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >::inf(), and moeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >::setDistances().
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::updateByDeleting (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop, \fBObjectiveVector\fP & _objVec)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
NOT IMPLEMENTED, DO NOTHING ! Updates the diversity values of the whole population _pop by taking the deletion of the objective vector _objVec into account. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.br
\fI_objVec\fP the objective vector 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
NOT IMPLEMENTED, DO NOTHING ! 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBmoeoDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBmoeoFrontByFrontCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file moeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment.h.
.SS "template<class MOEOT> virtual void \fBmoeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::setDistances (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop)\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the distance values. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBmoeoFrontByFrontCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file moeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment.h.
.PP
References moeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >::inf().
.PP
Referenced by moeoCrowdingDistanceDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >::operator()().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO from the source code.
