.TH "moeoNormalizedDistance" 3 "8 Oct 2007" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOEOMovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoNormalizedDistance \- The base class for double distance computation with normalized objective values (i.e.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoNormalizedDistance.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoDistance< MOEOT, Type >< MOEOT, Type >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef MOEOT::ObjectiveVector \fBObjectiveVector\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe objective vector type of the solutions \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoNormalizedDistance\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault ctr. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetup\fP (const \fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the lower and the upper bounds for every objective using extremes values for solutions contained in the population _pop. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetup\fP (double _min, double _max, unsigned int _obj)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the lower bound (_min) and the upper bound (_max) for the objective _obj. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetup\fP (\fBeoRealInterval\fP _realInterval, unsigned int _obj)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the lower bound and the upper bound for the objective _obj using a \fBeoRealInterval\fP object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static double \fBtiny\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a very small value that can be used to avoid extreme cases (where the min bound == the max bound). \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBeoRealInterval\fP > \fBbounds\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe bounds for every objective (bounds[i] = bounds for the objective i) \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class MOEOT, class Type = double> class moeoNormalizedDistance< MOEOT, Type >"
The base class for double distance computation with normalized objective values (i.e. 

between 0 and 1). 
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file moeoNormalizedDistance.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT, class Type = double> virtual void \fBmoeoNormalizedDistance\fP< MOEOT, Type >::setup (const \fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the lower and the upper bounds for every objective using extremes values for solutions contained in the population _pop. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBmoeoDistance< MOEOT, Type >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file moeoNormalizedDistance.h.
.PP
Referenced by moeoNormalizedDistance< MOEOT >::setup().
.SS "template<class MOEOT, class Type = double> virtual void \fBmoeoNormalizedDistance\fP< MOEOT, Type >::setup (double _min, double _max, unsigned int _obj)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the lower bound (_min) and the upper bound (_max) for the objective _obj. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_min\fP lower bound 
.br
\fI_max\fP upper bound 
.br
\fI_obj\fP the objective index 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBmoeoDistance< MOEOT, Type >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file moeoNormalizedDistance.h.
.SS "template<class MOEOT, class Type = double> virtual void \fBmoeoNormalizedDistance\fP< MOEOT, Type >::setup (\fBeoRealInterval\fP _realInterval, unsigned int _obj)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the lower bound and the upper bound for the objective _obj using a \fBeoRealInterval\fP object. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_realInterval\fP the \fBeoRealInterval\fP object 
.br
\fI_obj\fP the objective index 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBmoeoDistance< MOEOT, Type >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file moeoNormalizedDistance.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEOMovingObjects from the source code.
