.TH "moeoDummyFitnessAssignment" 3 "8 Oct 2007" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOEOMovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoDummyFitnessAssignment \- \fBmoeoDummyFitnessAssignment\fP is a \fBmoeoFitnessAssignment\fP that gives the value '0' as the individual's fitness for a whole population if it is invalid.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoDummyFitnessAssignment.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef MOEOT::ObjectiveVector \fBObjectiveVector\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe type for objective vector. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the fitness to '0' for every individuals of the population _pop if it is invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdateByDeleting\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop, \fBObjectiveVector\fP &_objVec)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdates the fitness values of the whole population _pop by taking the deletion of the objective vector _objVec into account. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class MOEOT> class moeoDummyFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >"
\fBmoeoDummyFitnessAssignment\fP is a \fBmoeoFitnessAssignment\fP that gives the value '0' as the individual's fitness for a whole population if it is invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file moeoDummyFitnessAssignment.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoDummyFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::operator() (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the fitness to '0' for every individuals of the population _pop if it is invalid. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< eoPop< MOEOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file moeoDummyFitnessAssignment.h.
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoDummyFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::updateByDeleting (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop, \fBObjectiveVector\fP & _objVec)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Updates the fitness values of the whole population _pop by taking the deletion of the objective vector _objVec into account. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.br
\fI_objVec\fP the objective vector 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBmoeoFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file moeoDummyFitnessAssignment.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEOMovingObjects from the source code.
