.TH "moeoCombinedLS" 3 "26 Jun 2007" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOEO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoCombinedLS \- This class allows to embed a set of local searches that are sequentially applied, and so working and updating the same archive of non-dominated solutions.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoCombinedLS.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoLS< MOEOT, Type >< MOEOT, Type >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoCombinedLS\fP (\fBmoeoLS\fP< MOEOT, Type > &_first_mols)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (\fBmoeoLS\fP< MOEOT, Type > &_mols)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdds a new local search to combine. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (Type _type, \fBmoeoArchive\fP< MOEOT > &_arch)"
.br
.RI "\fIGives a new solution in order to explore the neigborhood. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBmoeoLS\fP< MOEOT, Type > * > \fBcombinedLS\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe vector that contains the combined LS \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class MOEOT, class Type> class moeoCombinedLS< MOEOT, Type >"
This class allows to embed a set of local searches that are sequentially applied, and so working and updating the same archive of non-dominated solutions. 
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file moeoCombinedLS.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT, class Type> \fBmoeoCombinedLS\fP< MOEOT, Type >::\fBmoeoCombinedLS\fP (\fBmoeoLS\fP< MOEOT, Type > & _first_mols)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Ctor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_first_mols\fP the first multi-objective local search to add 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 33 of file moeoCombinedLS.h.
.PP
References moeoCombinedLS< MOEOT, Type >::combinedLS.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT, class Type> void \fBmoeoCombinedLS\fP< MOEOT, Type >::add (\fBmoeoLS\fP< MOEOT, Type > & _mols)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Adds a new local search to combine. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_mols\fP the multi-objective local search to add 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 42 of file moeoCombinedLS.h.
.PP
References moeoCombinedLS< MOEOT, Type >::combinedLS.
.SS "template<class MOEOT, class Type> void \fBmoeoCombinedLS\fP< MOEOT, Type >::operator() (Type _type, \fBmoeoArchive\fP< MOEOT > & _arch)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gives a new solution in order to explore the neigborhood. 
.PP
The new non-dominated solutions are added to the archive 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_type\fP the object to apply the local search to 
.br
\fI_arch\fP the archive of non-dominated solutions 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoBF< Type, moeoArchive< MOEOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file moeoCombinedLS.h.
.PP
References moeoCombinedLS< MOEOT, Type >::combinedLS.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO from the source code.
