.TH "FlowShopEval" 3 "8 Oct 2007" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOEOMovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
FlowShopEval \- Evaluation of the objective vector a (multi-objective) \fBFlowShop\fP object.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <FlowShopEval.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoEvalFunc< FlowShop >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFlowShopEval\fP (unsigned int _M, unsigned int _N, const std::vector< std::vector< unsigned int > > &_p, const std::vector< unsigned int > &_d)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBFlowShop\fP &_flowshop)"
.br
.RI "\fIcomputation of the multi-objective evaluation of a \fBFlowShop\fP object \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBmakespan\fP (const \fBFlowShop\fP &_flowshop)"
.br
.RI "\fIcomputation of the makespan \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBtardiness\fP (const \fBFlowShop\fP &_flowshop)"
.br
.RI "\fIcomputation of the tardiness \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< std::vector< unsigned int > > \fBcompletionTime\fP (const \fBFlowShop\fP &_flowshop)"
.br
.RI "\fIcomputation of the completion times of a scheduling (for each job on each machine) C[i][j] = completion of the jth job of the scheduling on the ith machine \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBM\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInumber of machines \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBN\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInumber of jobs \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< std::vector< unsigned int > > \fBp\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIp[i][j] = processing time of job j on machine i \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< unsigned int > \fBd\fP"
.br
.RI "\fId[j] = due-date of the job j \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Evaluation of the objective vector a (multi-objective) \fBFlowShop\fP object. 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file FlowShopEval.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "FlowShopEval::FlowShopEval (unsigned int _M, unsigned int _N, const std::vector< std::vector< unsigned int > > & _p, const std::vector< unsigned int > & _d)"
.PP
Ctor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_M\fP the number of machines 
.br
\fI_N\fP the number of jobs to schedule 
.br
\fI_p\fP the processing times 
.br
\fI_d\fP the due dates 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 41 of file FlowShopEval.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void FlowShopEval::operator() (\fBFlowShop\fP & _flowshop)"
.PP
computation of the multi-objective evaluation of a \fBFlowShop\fP object 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_flowshop\fP the \fBFlowShop\fP object to evaluate 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 46 of file FlowShopEval.cpp.
.PP
References makespan(), MOEO< MOEOObjectiveVector, MOEOFitness, MOEODiversity >::objectiveVector(), and tardiness().
.SS "double FlowShopEval::makespan (const \fBFlowShop\fP & _flowshop)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
computation of the makespan 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_flowshop\fP the genotype to evaluate 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 56 of file FlowShopEval.cpp.
.PP
References completionTime(), M, and N.
.PP
Referenced by operator()().
.SS "double FlowShopEval::tardiness (const \fBFlowShop\fP & _flowshop)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
computation of the tardiness 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_flowshop\fP the genotype to evaluate 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 65 of file FlowShopEval.cpp.
.PP
References completionTime(), d, M, and N.
.PP
Referenced by operator()().
.SS "std::vector< std::vector< unsigned int > > FlowShopEval::completionTime (const \fBFlowShop\fP & _flowshop)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
computation of the completion times of a scheduling (for each job on each machine) C[i][j] = completion of the jth job of the scheduling on the ith machine 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_flowshop\fP the genotype to evaluate 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 78 of file FlowShopEval.cpp.
.PP
References M, N, and p.
.PP
Referenced by makespan(), and tardiness().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEOMovingObjects from the source code.
