.TH "moeoDistanceMatrix" 3 "9 Oct 2007" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOEOMovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoDistanceMatrix \- A matrix to compute distances between every pair of individuals contained in a population.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoDistanceMatrix.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoUF< const eoPop< MOEOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoDistanceMatrix\fP (unsigned int _size, \fBmoeoDistance\fP< MOEOT, Type > &_distance)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the distance between every pair of individuals contained in the population _pop. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoDistance\fP< MOEOT, Type > & \fBdistance\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe distance to use \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class MOEOT, class Type> class moeoDistanceMatrix< MOEOT, Type >"
A matrix to compute distances between every pair of individuals contained in a population. 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file moeoDistanceMatrix.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT, class Type> \fBmoeoDistanceMatrix\fP< MOEOT, Type >::\fBmoeoDistanceMatrix\fP (unsigned int _size, \fBmoeoDistance\fP< MOEOT, Type > & _distance)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Ctor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_size\fP size for every dimension of the matrix 
.br
\fI_distance\fP the distance to use 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 62 of file moeoDistanceMatrix.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT, class Type> void \fBmoeoDistanceMatrix\fP< MOEOT, Type >::operator() (const \fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the distance between every pair of individuals contained in the population _pop. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< const eoPop< MOEOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file moeoDistanceMatrix.h.
.PP
References moeoDistanceMatrix< MOEOT, Type >::distance.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEOMovingObjects from the source code.
