.TH "moeoDetTournamentSelect" 3 "8 Oct 2007" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOEOMovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoDetTournamentSelect \- Selection strategy that selects ONE individual by deterministic tournament.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoDetTournamentSelect.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoSelectOne< MOEOT >< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoDetTournamentSelect\fP (\fBmoeoComparator\fP< MOEOT > &_comparator, unsigned int _tSize=2)"
.br
.RI "\fIFull Ctor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoDetTournamentSelect\fP (unsigned int _tSize=2)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor without comparator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const MOEOT & \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIApply the tournament to the given population. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoComparator\fP< MOEOT > & \fBcomparator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe comparator (used to compare 2 individuals) \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoFitnessThenDiversityComparator\fP< MOEOT > \fBdefaultComparator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIa fitness then diversity comparator can be used as default \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBtSize\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe number of individuals in the tournament \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class MOEOT> class moeoDetTournamentSelect< MOEOT >"
Selection strategy that selects ONE individual by deterministic tournament. 
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file moeoDetTournamentSelect.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT> \fBmoeoDetTournamentSelect\fP< MOEOT >::\fBmoeoDetTournamentSelect\fP (\fBmoeoComparator\fP< MOEOT > & _comparator, unsigned int _tSize = \fC2\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Full Ctor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_comparator\fP the comparator (used to compare 2 individuals) 
.br
\fI_tSize\fP the number of individuals in the tournament (default: 2) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 33 of file moeoDetTournamentSelect.h.
.PP
References moeoDetTournamentSelect< MOEOT >::tSize.
.SS "template<class MOEOT> \fBmoeoDetTournamentSelect\fP< MOEOT >::\fBmoeoDetTournamentSelect\fP (unsigned int _tSize = \fC2\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Ctor without comparator. 
.PP
A \fBmoeoFitnessThenDiversityComparator\fP is used as default. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_tSize\fP the number of individuals in the tournament (default: 2) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 49 of file moeoDetTournamentSelect.h.
.PP
References moeoDetTournamentSelect< MOEOT >::tSize.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT> const MOEOT& \fBmoeoDetTournamentSelect\fP< MOEOT >::operator() (const \fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Apply the tournament to the given population. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 65 of file moeoDetTournamentSelect.h.
.PP
References moeoDetTournamentSelect< MOEOT >::comparator, and moeoDetTournamentSelect< MOEOT >::tSize.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEOMovingObjects from the source code.
