.TH "moeoDummyDiversityAssignment" 3 "2 Oct 2007" "Version 1.0-beta" "ParadisEO-MOEO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoDummyDiversityAssignment \- \fBmoeoDummyDiversityAssignment\fP is a \fBmoeoDiversityAssignment\fP that gives the value '0' as the individual's diversity for a whole population if it is invalid.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoDummyDiversityAssignment.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef MOEOT::ObjectiveVector \fBObjectiveVector\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe type for objective vector. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the diversity to '0' for every individuals of the population _pop if it is invalid. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdateByDeleting\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop, \fBObjectiveVector\fP &_objVec)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdates the diversity values of the whole population _pop by taking the deletion of the objective vector _objVec into account. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class MOEOT> class moeoDummyDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >"
\fBmoeoDummyDiversityAssignment\fP is a \fBmoeoDiversityAssignment\fP that gives the value '0' as the individual's diversity for a whole population if it is invalid. 
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file moeoDummyDiversityAssignment.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoDummyDiversityAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::operator() (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the diversity to '0' for every individuals of the population _pop if it is invalid. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< eoPop< MOEOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file moeoDummyDiversityAssignment.h.
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoDummyDiversityAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::updateByDeleting (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop, \fBObjectiveVector\fP & _objVec)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Updates the diversity values of the whole population _pop by taking the deletion of the objective vector _objVec into account. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.br
\fI_objVec\fP the objective vector 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBmoeoDiversityAssignment< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file moeoDummyDiversityAssignment.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO from the source code.
