.TH "moeoBitVector" 3 "2 Oct 2007" "Version 1.0-beta" "ParadisEO-MOEO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoBitVector \- This class is an implementationeo of a simple bit-valued \fBmoeoVector\fP.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoBitVector.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoVector< MOEOObjectiveVector, MOEOFitness, MOEODiversity, bool >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoBitVector\fP (unsigned int _size=0, bool _value=false)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBclassName\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the class name as a std::string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBprintOn\fP (std::ostream &_os) const "
.br
.RI "\fIWriting object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBreadFrom\fP (std::istream &_is)"
.br
.RI "\fIReading object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class MOEOObjectiveVector, class MOEOFitness, class MOEODiversity> class moeoBitVector< MOEOObjectiveVector, MOEOFitness, MOEODiversity >"
This class is an implementationeo of a simple bit-valued \fBmoeoVector\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file moeoBitVector.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOObjectiveVector, class MOEOFitness, class MOEODiversity> \fBmoeoBitVector\fP< MOEOObjectiveVector, MOEOFitness, MOEODiversity >::\fBmoeoBitVector\fP (unsigned int _size = \fC0\fP, bool _value = \fCfalse\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Ctor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_size\fP Length of vector (default is 0) 
.br
\fI_value\fP Initial value of all elements (default is default value of type GeneType) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 60 of file moeoBitVector.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOObjectiveVector, class MOEOFitness, class MOEODiversity> virtual void \fBmoeoBitVector\fP< MOEOObjectiveVector, MOEOFitness, MOEODiversity >::printOn (std::ostream & _os) const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Writing object. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_os\fP output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBmoeoVector< MOEOObjectiveVector, MOEOFitness, MOEODiversity, bool >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file moeoBitVector.h.
.SS "template<class MOEOObjectiveVector, class MOEOFitness, class MOEODiversity> virtual void \fBmoeoBitVector\fP< MOEOObjectiveVector, MOEOFitness, MOEODiversity >::readFrom (std::istream & _is)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reading object. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_is\fP input stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBmoeoVector< MOEOObjectiveVector, MOEOFitness, MOEODiversity, bool >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file moeoBitVector.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO from the source code.
