.TH "moFitSolContinue" 3 "13 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moFitSolContinue \- One possible stop criterion for a solution-based heuristic.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moFitSolContinue.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoSolContinue< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef EOT::Fitness \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoFitSolContinue\fP (\fBFitness\fP _fitness)"
.br
.RI "\fIBasic constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (const EOT &_solution)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP that activates the stopping criterion. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which allows to initialise all the stuff needed. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitness\fP \fBfitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFitness target. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class moFitSolContinue< EOT >"
One possible stop criterion for a solution-based heuristic. 

The stop criterion corresponds to a fitness threshold gained. 
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file moFitSolContinue.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBmoFitSolContinue\fP< EOT >::\fBmoFitSolContinue\fP (\fBFitness\fP _fitness)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Basic constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_fitness\fP The fitness to reach. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 57 of file moFitSolContinue.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> bool \fBmoFitSolContinue\fP< EOT >::operator() (const EOT & _solution)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBFunction\fP that activates the stopping criterion. 
.PP
Indicates if the fitness threshold has not yet been reached.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_solution\fP the current solution. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true or false according to the value of the fitness. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< const EOT &, bool >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file moFitSolContinue.h.
.PP
References moFitSolContinue< EOT >::fitness.
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBmoFitSolContinue\fP< EOT >::init ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which allows to initialise all the stuff needed. 
.PP
It can be also used to reinitialize all the needed things. 
.PP
Implements \fBmoSolContinue< EOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file moFitSolContinue.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects from the source code.
