.TH "moImprBestFitAspirCrit" 3 "12 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moImprBestFitAspirCrit \- One of the possible \fBmoAspirCrit\fP.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moImprBestFitAspirCrit.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoAspirCrit< M >< M >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType::Fitness \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoImprBestFitAspirCrit\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIContructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialisation procedure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (const M &_move, const \fBFitness\fP &_fitness)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP that indicates if the current fitness is better that the already saved fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitness\fP \fBbest_fitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBest fitness found until now. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBfirst_time\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIndicates that a fitness has been already saved or not. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moImprBestFitAspirCrit< M >"
One of the possible \fBmoAspirCrit\fP. 

This criterion is satisfied when a given fitness is the best ever considered. 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file moImprBestFitAspirCrit.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> bool \fBmoImprBestFitAspirCrit\fP< M >::operator() (const M & _move, const \fBFitness\fP & _fitness)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBFunction\fP that indicates if the current fitness is better that the already saved fitness. 
.PP
The first time, the function only saved the current move and fitness.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move\fP A move. 
.br
\fI_fitness\fP A fitness linked to the move. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true The first time and if _fitntess > best_fitness, else false. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 73 of file moImprBestFitAspirCrit.h.
.PP
References moImprBestFitAspirCrit< M >::best_fitness, and moImprBestFitAspirCrit< M >::first_time.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects from the source code.
