.TH "moMoveSelect" 3 "16 Jan 2008" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOMovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moMoveSelect \- Class that describes a move selector (\fBmoMove\fP).  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moMoveSelect.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoBF< M &, M::EOType::Fitness &, void >\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBmoBestImprSelect< M >\fP, \fBmoFirstImprSelect< M >\fP, and \fBmoRandImprSelect< M >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType::Fitness \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBinit\fP (const \fBFitness\fP &_fitness)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which initialises all that the move selector needs including the initial fitness. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBupdate\fP (const M &_move, const \fBFitness\fP &_fitness)=0"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP which updates the best solutions. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moMoveSelect< M >"
Class that describes a move selector (\fBmoMove\fP). 

It iteratively considers some moves (\fBmoMove\fP) and their associated fitnesses. The best move is so regularly updated. At any time, it could be accessed. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file moMoveSelect.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> virtual void \fBmoMoveSelect\fP< M >::init (const \fBFitness\fP & _fitness)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which initialises all that the move selector needs including the initial fitness. 
.PP
In order to know the fitness of the solution, for which the neighborhood will be soon explored
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_fitness\fP the current fitness. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBmoBestImprSelect< M >\fP, \fBmoFirstImprSelect< M >\fP, and \fBmoRandImprSelect< M >\fP.
.SS "template<class M> virtual bool \fBmoMoveSelect\fP< M >::update (const M & _move, const \fBFitness\fP & _fitness)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBFunction\fP which updates the best solutions. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move\fP a new move. 
.br
\fI_fitness\fP a fitness linked to the new move. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a boolean that expresses the need to resume the exploration. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBmoBestImprSelect< M >\fP, \fBmoFirstImprSelect< M >\fP, and \fBmoRandImprSelect< M >\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOMovingObjects from the source code.
