.TH "moNoFitImprSolContinue" 3 "16 Jan 2008" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOMovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moNoFitImprSolContinue \- One possible stop criterion for a solution-based heuristic.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moNoFitImprSolContinue.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoSolContinue< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef EOT::Fitness \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoNoFitImprSolContinue\fP (unsigned int _maxNumberOfIterationWithoutImprovement)"
.br
.RI "\fIBasic constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (const EOT &_solution)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP that activates the stopping criterion. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which allows to initialise all the stuff needed. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmaxNumberOfIterationsWithoutImprovement\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum number of iterations without improvement allowed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBfirstFitnessSaved\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFlag that this is the first time that the fitness is used. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitness\fP \fBfitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent Fitness. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBcounter\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe iteration couter. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class moNoFitImprSolContinue< EOT >"
One possible stop criterion for a solution-based heuristic. 

The stop criterion corresponds to a maximum number of iterations without improvement. 
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file moNoFitImprSolContinue.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBmoNoFitImprSolContinue\fP< EOT >::\fBmoNoFitImprSolContinue\fP (unsigned int _maxNumberOfIterationWithoutImprovement)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Basic constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_maxNumberOfIterationWithoutImprovement\fP The number of iterations without fitness improvement to reach for stop. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 57 of file moNoFitImprSolContinue.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> bool \fBmoNoFitImprSolContinue\fP< EOT >::operator() (const EOT & _solution)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBFunction\fP that activates the stopping criterion. 
.PP
Indicates if the fitness has not been improved since a given number of iterations (after a minimum of iterations). 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_solution\fP the current solution. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true or false. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< const EOT &, bool >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file moNoFitImprSolContinue.h.
.PP
References moNoFitImprSolContinue< EOT >::counter, moNoFitImprSolContinue< EOT >::firstFitnessSaved, moNoFitImprSolContinue< EOT >::fitness, and moNoFitImprSolContinue< EOT >::maxNumberOfIterationsWithoutImprovement.
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBmoNoFitImprSolContinue\fP< EOT >::init ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which allows to initialise all the stuff needed. 
.PP
It can be also used to reinitialize all the needed things. 
.PP
Implements \fBmoSolContinue< EOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 102 of file moNoFitImprSolContinue.h.
.PP
References moNoFitImprSolContinue< EOT >::counter, and moNoFitImprSolContinue< EOT >::firstFitnessSaved.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOMovingObjects from the source code.
