.TH "moRandImprSelect" 3 "16 Jan 2008" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOMovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moRandImprSelect \- One of the possible \fBmoMove\fP selector (\fBmoMoveSelect\fP).  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moRandImprSelect.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoMoveSelect< M >< M >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType::Fitness \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP (const \fBFitness\fP &_fitness)"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which all that needs a \fBmoRandImprSelect\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBupdate\fP (const M &_move, const \fBFitness\fP &_fitness)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP that updates the fitness and move vectors. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (M &_move, \fBFitness\fP &_fitness)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe move selection. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitness\fP \fBinitial_fitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFitness of the current solution. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBFitness\fP > \fBbetter_fitnesses\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICandidate fitnesse vector. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< M > \fBbetter_moves\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICandidate move vector. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moRandImprSelect< M >"
One of the possible \fBmoMove\fP selector (\fBmoMoveSelect\fP). 

All the neighbors are considered. One of them that enables an improvment of the objective function is choosen. 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file moRandImprSelect.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> void \fBmoRandImprSelect\fP< M >::init (const \fBFitness\fP & _fitness)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which all that needs a \fBmoRandImprSelect\fP. 
.PP
Give a value to the initialise fitness. Clean the move and fitness vectors.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_fitness\fP the current best fitness 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBmoMoveSelect< M >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file moRandImprSelect.h.
.PP
References moRandImprSelect< M >::better_fitnesses, moRandImprSelect< M >::better_moves, and moRandImprSelect< M >::initial_fitness.
.SS "template<class M> bool \fBmoRandImprSelect\fP< M >::update (const M & _move, const \fBFitness\fP & _fitness)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBFunction\fP that updates the fitness and move vectors. 
.PP
if a move give a better fitness than the initial fitness, it is saved and the fitness too.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move\fP a new move. 
.br
\fI_fitness\fP a new fitness associated to the new move. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBmoMoveSelect< M >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file moRandImprSelect.h.
.PP
References moRandImprSelect< M >::better_fitnesses, moRandImprSelect< M >::better_moves, and moRandImprSelect< M >::initial_fitness.
.SS "template<class M> void \fBmoRandImprSelect\fP< M >::operator() (M & _move, \fBFitness\fP & _fitness)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
The move selection. 
.PP
One the saved move is randomly chosen.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move\fP the reference of the move that can be initialised by the function. 
.br
\fI_fitness\fP the reference of the fitness that can be initialised by the function. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoBF< M &, M::EOType::Fitness &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file moRandImprSelect.h.
.PP
References moRandImprSelect< M >::better_fitnesses, moRandImprSelect< M >::better_moves, and eoRng::random().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOMovingObjects from the source code.
