.TH "moTabuList" 3 "16 Jan 2008" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOMovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moTabuList \- Class describing a tabu list that a \fBmoTS\fP uses.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moTabuList.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoBF< A1, A2, R >< const const M &, M::EOType &, bool >\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBmoSimpleMoveTabuList< M >\fP, and \fBmoSimpleSolutionTabuList< M >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType \fBEOT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the type. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBadd\fP (const M &_move, const \fBEOT\fP &_solution)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure to add a move in the tabu list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdate\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure that updates the tabu list content. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBinit\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which initialises the tabu list. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moTabuList< M >"
Class describing a tabu list that a \fBmoTS\fP uses. 

It is only a description, does nothing... A new object that herits from this class has to be defined in order to be used in a \fBmoTS\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file moTabuList.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> virtual void \fBmoTabuList\fP< M >::add (const M & _move, const \fBEOT\fP & _solution)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure to add a move in the tabu list. 
.PP
The two parameters have not to be modified so they are constant parameters.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move\fP a new tabu move. 
.br
\fI_solution\fP the origianl solution associated to this move. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBmoSimpleMoveTabuList< M >\fP, and \fBmoSimpleSolutionTabuList< M >\fP.
.SS "template<class M> virtual void \fBmoTabuList\fP< M >::update ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure that updates the tabu list content. 
.PP
Generally, a counter associated to each saved move is decreased by one. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBmoSimpleMoveTabuList< M >\fP, and \fBmoSimpleSolutionTabuList< M >\fP.
.SS "template<class M> virtual void \fBmoTabuList\fP< M >::init ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which initialises the tabu list. 
.PP
Can be useful if the data structure needs to be allocated before being used. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBmoSimpleMoveTabuList< M >\fP, and \fBmoSimpleSolutionTabuList< M >\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOMovingObjects from the source code.
