.TH "TwoOptTabuList" 3 "8 Oct 2007" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOMovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
TwoOptTabuList \- The table of tabu movements, i.e.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <two_opt_tabu_list.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoTabuList< TwoOpt >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBTwoOpt\fP &__move, const \fBRoute\fP &__sol)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (const \fBTwoOpt\fP &__move, const \fBRoute\fP &__sol)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdate\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure that updates the tabu list content. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which initialises the tabu list. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< std::vector< unsigned > > \fBtabu_span\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The table of tabu movements, i.e. 

forbidden edges 
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file two_opt_tabu_list.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void TwoOptTabuList::update ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure that updates the tabu list content. 
.PP
Generally, a counter associated to each saved move is decreased by one. 
.PP
Implements \fBmoTabuList< TwoOpt >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file two_opt_tabu_list.cpp.
.PP
References tabu_span.
.SS "void TwoOptTabuList::init ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which initialises the tabu list. 
.PP
Can be useful if the data structure needs to be allocated before being used. 
.PP
Implements \fBmoTabuList< TwoOpt >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file two_opt_tabu_list.cpp.
.PP
References Graph::size(), and tabu_span.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOMovingObjects from the source code.
