.TH "eoContinuator" 3 "13 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoContinuator \- Specific class for a continuator within the exchange of migration of a population.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <peoData.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBcontinuator\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoContinuator\fP (\fBeoContinue\fP< EOT > &_cont, const \fBeoPop\fP< EOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBcheck\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual function of check. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoContinue\fP< EOT > & \fBcont\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBeoPop\fP< EOT > & \fBpop\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class eoContinuator< EOT >"
Specific class for a continuator within the exchange of migration of a population. 

\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcontinuator\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
1.0 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
january 2008 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 68 of file peoData.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBeoContinuator\fP< EOT >::\fBeoContinuator\fP (\fBeoContinue\fP< EOT > & _cont, const \fBeoPop\fP< EOT > & _pop)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoContinue<EOT>\fP & 
.br
\fIeoPop<EOT>\fP & 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 75 of file peoData.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> virtual bool \fBeoContinuator\fP< EOT >::check ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Virtual function of check. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
false if the algorithm must continue 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcontinuator\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file peoData.h.
.PP
References eoContinuator< EOT >::cont, and eoContinuator< EOT >::pop.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBeoContinue\fP<EOT>& \fBeoContinuator\fP< EOT >::\fBcont\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoContinue<EOT>\fP & 
.br
\fIeoPop<EOT>\fP & 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 88 of file peoData.h.
.PP
Referenced by eoContinuator< EOT >::check().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects from the source code.
