.TH "eoSelector" 3 "13 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoSelector \- Specific class for a selector within the exchange of migration of a population.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <peoData.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBselector< TYPE >< TYPE >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoSelector\fP (\fBeoSelectOne\fP< EOT > &_select, unsigned _nb_select, const TYPE &_source)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBoperator()\fP (TYPE &_dest)"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual operator on the template type. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoSelectOne\fP< EOT > & \fBselector\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBnb_select\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const TYPE & \fBsource\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT, class TYPE> class eoSelector< EOT, TYPE >"
Specific class for a selector within the exchange of migration of a population. 

\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBselector\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
1.0 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
january 2008 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 118 of file peoData.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT, class TYPE> \fBeoSelector\fP< EOT, TYPE >::\fBeoSelector\fP (\fBeoSelectOne\fP< EOT > & _select, unsigned _nb_select, const TYPE & _source)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBeoSelectOne<EOT>\fP\fP & 
.br
\fIunsigned\fP _nb_select 
.br
\fITYPE\fP & _source (with TYPE which is the template type) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 126 of file peoData.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT, class TYPE> virtual void \fBeoSelector\fP< EOT, TYPE >::operator() (TYPE & _dest)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Virtual operator on the template type. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fITYPE\fP & _dest 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBselector< TYPE >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 131 of file peoData.h.
.PP
References eoSelector< EOT, TYPE >::nb_select, eoSelector< EOT, TYPE >::selector, and eoSelector< EOT, TYPE >::source.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT, class TYPE> \fBeoSelectOne\fP<EOT>& \fBeoSelector\fP< EOT, TYPE >::\fBselector\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBeoSelectOne<EOT>\fP\fP & 
.br
\fIunsigned\fP nb_select 
.br
\fITYPE\fP & source 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 143 of file peoData.h.
.PP
Referenced by eoSelector< EOT, TYPE >::operator()().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects from the source code.
