.TH "peoEvalFunc" 3 "13 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
peoEvalFunc \- Specific class for evaluation.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <peoEvalFunc.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoEvalFunc< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpeoEvalFunc\fP (FitT(*_eval)(FunctionArg))"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBoperator()\fP (EOT &_peo)"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "FitT(* \fBevalFunc\fP )(FunctionArg)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT, class FitT = typename EOT::Fitness, class FunctionArg = const EOT&> class peoEvalFunc< EOT, FitT, FunctionArg >"
Specific class for evaluation. 

\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBeoEvalFunc\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
1.0 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
november 2007 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 50 of file peoEvalFunc.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT, class FitT = typename EOT::Fitness, class FunctionArg = const EOT&> \fBpeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT, FitT, FunctionArg >::\fBpeoEvalFunc\fP (FitT(*)(FunctionArg) _eval)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIFitT\fP (* _eval)( FunctionArg ) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 55 of file peoEvalFunc.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT, class FitT = typename EOT::Fitness, class FunctionArg = const EOT&> virtual void \fBpeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT, FitT, FunctionArg >::operator() (EOT & _peo)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Virtual operator. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIEOT\fP & _peo 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 61 of file peoEvalFunc.h.
.PP
References peoEvalFunc< EOT, FitT, FunctionArg >::evalFunc.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT, class FitT = typename EOT::Fitness, class FunctionArg = const EOT&> FitT(*  \fBpeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT, FitT, FunctionArg >::\fBevalFunc\fP)(FunctionArg)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIFitT\fP (* evalFunc )( FunctionArg ) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by peoEvalFunc< EOT, FitT, FunctionArg >::operator()().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects from the source code.
