.TH "peoPopEval" 3 "12 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
peoPopEval \- Parallel evaluation functor wrapper.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <peoPopEval.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBService\fP, and \fBeoPopEvalFunc< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpeoPopEval\fP (\fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > &__eval_func)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor function - an EO-derived evaluation functor has to be specified; an internal reference is set towards the specified evaluation functor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpeoPopEval\fP (const std::vector< \fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > * > &__funcs, \fBpeoAggEvalFunc\fP< EOT > &__merge_eval)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor function - a vector of EO-derived evaluation functors has to be specified as well as an aggregation function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< EOT > &__pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIOperator for applying the evaluation functor (direct or aggregate) for each individual of the specified population. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< EOT > &__dummy, \fBeoPop\fP< EOT > &__pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIOperator ()( eoPop< EOT >& __dummy, eoPop< EOT >& __pop ). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpackData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAuxiliary function for transferring data between the process requesting an evaluation operation and the process that performs the actual evaluation phase. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBunpackData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAuxiliary function for transferring data between the process requesting an evaluation operation and the process that performs the actual evaluation phase. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBexecute\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAuxiliary function - it calls the specified evaluation functor(s). There is no need to explicitly call the function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpackResult\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAuxiliary function for transferring data between the process requesting an evaluation operation and the process that performs the actual evaluation phase. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBunpackResult\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAuxiliary function for transferring data between the process requesting an evaluation operation and the process that performs the actual evaluation phase. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnotifySendingData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAuxiliary function for notifications between the process requesting an evaluation operation and the processes that performs the actual evaluation phase. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnotifySendingAllResourceRequests\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAuxiliary function for notifications between the process requesting an evaluation operation and the processes that performs the actual evaluation phase. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::vector< \fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > * > & \fBfuncs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > * > \fBone_func\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpeoAggEvalFunc\fP< EOT > & \fBmerge_eval\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpeoNoAggEvalFunc\fP< EOT > \fBno_merge_eval\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::queue< EOT * > \fBtasks\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< EOT *, std::pair< unsigned, unsigned > > \fBprogression\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBnum_func\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "EOT \fBsol\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "EOT * \fBad_sol\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBtotal\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class peoPopEval< EOT >"
Parallel evaluation functor wrapper. 

\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBService\fP \fBeoPopEvalFunc\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
1.2 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
2006 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 53 of file peoPopEval.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBpeoPopEval\fP< EOT >::\fBpeoPopEval\fP (\fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > & __eval_func)"
.PP
Constructor function - an EO-derived evaluation functor has to be specified; an internal reference is set towards the specified evaluation functor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoEvalFunc<\fP EOT >& __eval_func - EO-derived evaluation functor to be applied in parallel on each individual of a specified population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 132 of file peoPopEval.h.
.PP
References peoPopEval< EOT >::one_func.
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBpeoPopEval\fP< EOT >::\fBpeoPopEval\fP (const std::vector< \fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > * > & __funcs, \fBpeoAggEvalFunc\fP< EOT > & __merge_eval)"
.PP
Constructor function - a vector of EO-derived evaluation functors has to be specified as well as an aggregation function. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP std :: vector< \fBeoEvalFunc\fP < EOT >* >& __funcs - vector of EO-derived partial evaluation functors; 
.br
\fIpeoAggEvalFunc<\fP EOT >& __merge_eval - aggregation functor for creating a fitness value out of the partial fitness values. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 141 of file peoPopEval.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBpeoPopEval\fP< EOT >::operator() (\fBeoPop\fP< EOT > & __pop)"
.PP
Operator for applying the evaluation functor (direct or aggregate) for each individual of the specified population. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoPop<\fP EOT >& __pop - population to be evaluated by applying the evaluation functor specified in the constructor. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 154 of file peoPopEval.h.
.PP
References peoPopEval< EOT >::funcs, peoPopEval< EOT >::progression, Service::requestResourceRequest(), Communicable::stop(), peoPopEval< EOT >::tasks, and peoPopEval< EOT >::total.
.PP
Referenced by peoPopEval< EOT >::operator()().
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBpeoPopEval\fP< EOT >::operator() (\fBeoPop\fP< EOT > & __dummy, \fBeoPop\fP< EOT > & __pop)"
.PP
Operator ()( eoPop< EOT >& __dummy, eoPop< EOT >& __pop ). 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoPop<\fP EOT >& __dummy 
.br
\fIeoPop<\fP EOT >& __pop 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 149 of file peoPopEval.h.
.PP
References peoPopEval< EOT >::operator()().
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBpeoPopEval\fP< EOT >::packData ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Auxiliary function for transferring data between the process requesting an evaluation operation and the process that performs the actual evaluation phase. 
.PP
There is no need to explicitly call the function. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 176 of file peoPopEval.h.
.PP
References peoPopEval< EOT >::progression, and peoPopEval< EOT >::tasks.
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBpeoPopEval\fP< EOT >::unpackData ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Auxiliary function for transferring data between the process requesting an evaluation operation and the process that performs the actual evaluation phase. 
.PP
There is no need to explicitly call the function. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 190 of file peoPopEval.h.
.PP
References peoPopEval< EOT >::ad_sol, peoPopEval< EOT >::num_func, and peoPopEval< EOT >::sol.
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBpeoPopEval\fP< EOT >::packResult ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Auxiliary function for transferring data between the process requesting an evaluation operation and the process that performs the actual evaluation phase. 
.PP
There is no need to explicitly call the function. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 208 of file peoPopEval.h.
.PP
References peoPopEval< EOT >::ad_sol, and peoPopEval< EOT >::sol.
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBpeoPopEval\fP< EOT >::unpackResult ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Auxiliary function for transferring data between the process requesting an evaluation operation and the process that performs the actual evaluation phase. 
.PP
There is no need to explicitly call the function. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 217 of file peoPopEval.h.
.PP
References peoPopEval< EOT >::ad_sol, Service::getOwner(), peoPopEval< EOT >::merge_eval, peoPopEval< EOT >::progression, Communicable::resume(), Thread::setActive(), and peoPopEval< EOT >::total.
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBpeoPopEval\fP< EOT >::notifySendingData ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Auxiliary function for notifications between the process requesting an evaluation operation and the processes that performs the actual evaluation phase. 
.PP
There is no need to explicitly call the function. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 250 of file peoPopEval.h.
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBpeoPopEval\fP< EOT >::notifySendingAllResourceRequests ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Auxiliary function for notifications between the process requesting an evaluation operation and the processes that performs the actual evaluation phase. 
.PP
There is no need to explicitly call the function. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 254 of file peoPopEval.h.
.PP
References Service::getOwner(), and Thread::setPassive().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> const std :: vector< \fBeoEvalFunc\fP < EOT >* >& \fBpeoPopEval\fP< EOT >::\fBfuncs\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd\fP :: vector< \fBeoEvalFunc\fP < EOT >* >& funcs 
.br
\fIstd\fP :: vector< \fBeoEvalFunc\fP < EOT >* > one_func 
.br
\fIpeoAggEvalFunc<\fP EOT >& merge_eval 
.br
\fIpeoNoAggEvalFunc<\fP EOT > no_merge_eval 
.br
\fIstd\fP :: queue< EOT* >tasks 
.br
\fIstd\fP :: map< EOT*, std :: pair< unsigned, unsigned > > progression 
.br
\fIunsigned\fP num_func 
.br
\fIEOT\fP sol 
.br
\fIEOT\fP *ad_sol 
.br
\fIunsigned\fP total 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 119 of file peoPopEval.h.
.PP
Referenced by peoPopEval< EOT >::execute(), and peoPopEval< EOT >::operator()().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects from the source code.
