.TH "peoSyncIslandMig" 3 "13 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
peoSyncIslandMig \- Specific class for a synchronous migration.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <peoSyncIslandMig.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBCooperative\fP, and \fBeoUpdater\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpeoSyncIslandMig\fP (unsigned __frequency, \fBselector\fP< TYPESELECT > &__select, \fBreplacement\fP< TYPEREPLACE > &__replace, \fBTopology\fP &__topology)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIoperator \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpack\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP realizing packages. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBunpack\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP reconstituting packages. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpackSynchronizeReq\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP packSynchronizeReq. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnotifySending\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP notifySending. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnotifyReceiving\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP notifyReceiving. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnotifySendingSyncReq\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fInotifySendingSyncReq \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnotifySynchronized\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fInotifySynchronized \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBemigrate\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBimmigrate\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoSyncContinue\fP \fBcont\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBselector\fP< TYPESELECT > & \fBselect\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreplacement\fP< TYPEREPLACE > & \fBreplace\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTopology\fP & \fBtopology\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::queue< TYPEREPLACE > \fBimm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::queue< TYPESELECT > \fBem\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::queue< \fBCooperative\fP * > \fBcoop_em\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "sem_t \fBsync\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBexplicitPassive\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBstandbyMigration\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBCooperative\fP * > \fBin\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBCooperative\fP * > \fBout\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBCooperative\fP * > \fBall\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBnbMigrations\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class TYPESELECT, class TYPEREPLACE> class peoSyncIslandMig< TYPESELECT, TYPEREPLACE >"
Specific class for a synchronous migration. 

\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCooperative\fP \fBeoUpdater\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
2.0 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
january 2008 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 71 of file peoSyncIslandMig.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class TYPESELECT, class TYPEREPLACE> \fBpeoSyncIslandMig\fP< TYPESELECT, TYPEREPLACE >::\fBpeoSyncIslandMig\fP (unsigned __frequency, \fBselector\fP< TYPESELECT > & __select, \fBreplacement\fP< TYPEREPLACE > & __replace, \fBTopology\fP & __topology)"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIunsigned\fP __frequency 
.br
\fIselector\fP <TYPESELECT> & __select 
.br
\fIreplacement\fP <TYPEREPLACE> & __replace 
.br
\fITopology&\fP __topology 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 139 of file peoSyncIslandMig.h.
.PP
References Topology::add(), and peoSyncIslandMig< TYPESELECT, TYPEREPLACE >::sync.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class TYPESELECT, class TYPEREPLACE> \fBeoSyncContinue\fP \fBpeoSyncIslandMig\fP< TYPESELECT, TYPEREPLACE >::\fBcont\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBeoSyncContinue\fP\fP cont 
.br
\fIselector\fP <TYPESELECT> & select 
.br
\fIreplacement\fP <TYPEREPLACE> & replace 
.br
\fITopology&\fP topology 
.br
\fIstd\fP :: queue< TYPEREPLACE > imm 
.br
\fIstd\fP :: queue< TYPESELECT > em 
.br
\fIstd\fP :: queue< Cooperative* > coop_em 
.br
\fIsem_t\fP sync 
.br
\fIbool\fP explicitPassive 
.br
\fIbool\fP standbyMigration 
.br
\fIstd\fP :: vector< Cooperative* > in, out, all 
.br
\fIunsigned\fP nbMigrations 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 124 of file peoSyncIslandMig.h.
.PP
Referenced by peoSyncIslandMig< TYPESELECT, TYPEREPLACE >::operator()().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects from the source code.
