.TH "eoSyncContinue" 3 "13 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoSyncContinue \- Class for a continuator within the exchange of data by synchrone migration.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <peoData.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBcontinuator\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoSyncContinue\fP (unsigned __period, unsigned __init_counter=0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBcheck\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual function of check. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBperiod\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBcounter\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class for a continuator within the exchange of data by synchrone migration. 

\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcontinuator\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
1.0 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
january 2008 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 206 of file peoData.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "eoSyncContinue::eoSyncContinue (unsigned __period, unsigned __init_counter = \fC0\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIunsigned\fP __period 
.br
\fIunsigned\fP __init_counter 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 213 of file peoData.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual bool eoSyncContinue::check ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Virtual function of check. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if the algorithm must continue 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcontinuator\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 218 of file peoData.h.
.PP
References counter, and period.
.PP
Referenced by peoSyncIslandMig< TYPESELECT, TYPEREPLACE >::operator()().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned \fBeoSyncContinue::period\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIunsigned\fP period 
.br
\fIunsigned\fP counter 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 227 of file peoData.h.
.PP
Referenced by check().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects from the source code.
