.TH "peoMultiStart" 3 "13 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
peoMultiStart \- Class allowing the launch of several algorithms.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <peoMultiStart.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBService\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename AlgorithmType> \fBpeoMultiStart\fP (AlgorithmType &externalAlgorithm)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename AlgorithmReturnType, typename AlgorithmDataType> \fBpeoMultiStart\fP (AlgorithmReturnType(*externalAlgorithm)(AlgorithmDataType &))"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename AlgorithmType, typename AggregationFunctionType> \fBpeoMultiStart\fP (std::vector< AlgorithmType * > &externalAlgorithms, AggregationFunctionType &externalAggregationFunction)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename AlgorithmReturnType, typename AlgorithmDataType, typename AggregationFunctionType> \fBpeoMultiStart\fP (std::vector< AlgorithmReturnType(*)(AlgorithmDataType &) > &externalAlgorithms, AggregationFunctionType &externalAggregationFunction)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~peoMultiStart\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename Type> void \fBoperator()\fP (Type &externalData)"
.br
.RI "\fIoperator on the template type \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename Type> void \fBoperator()\fP (const Type &externalDataBegin, const Type &externalDataEnd)"
.br
.RI "\fIoperator on the template type \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpackData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP realizing packages of data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBunpackData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP reconstituting packages of data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBexecute\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP which executes the algorithm. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpackResult\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP realizing packages of the result. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBunpackResult\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP reconstituting packages of result. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnotifySendingData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP notifySendingData. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnotifySendingAllResourceRequests\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP notifySendingAllResourceRequests. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAbstractAlgorithm\fP * \fBsingularAlgorithm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBAbstractAlgorithm\fP * > \fBalgorithms\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAbstractAggregationAlgorithm\fP * \fBaggregationFunction\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "EntityType \fBentityTypeInstance\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBAbstractDataType\fP * > \fBdata\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBidx\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBnum_term\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBdataIndex\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBfunctionIndex\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBAbstractAggregationAlgorithm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBAbstractAlgorithm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBAbstractDataType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBAggregationAlgorithm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBAlgorithm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBDataType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBFunctionAlgorithm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBNoAggregationFunction\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename EntityType> class peoMultiStart< EntityType >"
Class allowing the launch of several algorithms. 

\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBService\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
1.1 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
january 2008 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 49 of file peoMultiStart.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename EntityType> template<typename AlgorithmType> \fBpeoMultiStart\fP< EntityType >::\fBpeoMultiStart\fP (AlgorithmType & externalAlgorithm)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIAlgorithmType&\fP externalAlgorithm 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 56 of file peoMultiStart.h.
.PP
References peoMultiStart< EntityType >::aggregationFunction, peoMultiStart< EntityType >::algorithms, and peoMultiStart< EntityType >::singularAlgorithm.
.SS "template<typename EntityType> template<typename AlgorithmReturnType, typename AlgorithmDataType> \fBpeoMultiStart\fP< EntityType >::\fBpeoMultiStart\fP (AlgorithmReturnType(*)(AlgorithmDataType &) externalAlgorithm)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIAlgorithmReturnType\fP (*externalAlgorithm)( AlgorithmDataType& ) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 65 of file peoMultiStart.h.
.PP
References peoMultiStart< EntityType >::aggregationFunction, peoMultiStart< EntityType >::algorithms, and peoMultiStart< EntityType >::singularAlgorithm.
.SS "template<typename EntityType> template<typename AlgorithmType, typename AggregationFunctionType> \fBpeoMultiStart\fP< EntityType >::\fBpeoMultiStart\fP (std::vector< AlgorithmType * > & externalAlgorithms, AggregationFunctionType & externalAggregationFunction)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::vector<\fP AlgorithmType* >& externalAlgorithms 
.br
\fIAggregationFunctionType&\fP externalAggregationFunction 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 75 of file peoMultiStart.h.
.PP
References peoMultiStart< EntityType >::aggregationFunction, and peoMultiStart< EntityType >::algorithms.
.SS "template<typename EntityType> template<typename AlgorithmReturnType, typename AlgorithmDataType, typename AggregationFunctionType> \fBpeoMultiStart\fP< EntityType >::\fBpeoMultiStart\fP (std::vector< AlgorithmReturnType(*)(AlgorithmDataType &) > & externalAlgorithms, AggregationFunctionType & externalAggregationFunction)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::vector<\fP AlgorithmReturnType (*)( AlgorithmDataType& ) >& externalAlgorithms 
.br
\fIAggregationFunctionType&\fP externalAggregationFunction 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 87 of file peoMultiStart.h.
.PP
References peoMultiStart< EntityType >::aggregationFunction, and peoMultiStart< EntityType >::algorithms.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename EntityType> template<typename Type> void \fBpeoMultiStart\fP< EntityType >::operator() (Type & externalData)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
operator on the template type 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIType&\fP externalData 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 106 of file peoMultiStart.h.
.PP
References peoMultiStart< EntityType >::algorithms, peoMultiStart< EntityType >::data, peoMultiStart< EntityType >::dataIndex, peoMultiStart< EntityType >::functionIndex, peoMultiStart< EntityType >::idx, peoMultiStart< EntityType >::num_term, Service::requestResourceRequest(), and Communicable::stop().
.SS "template<typename EntityType> template<typename Type> void \fBpeoMultiStart\fP< EntityType >::operator() (const Type & externalDataBegin, const Type & externalDataEnd)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
operator on the template type 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIType&\fP externalDataBegin 
.br
\fIType&\fP externalDataEnd 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 120 of file peoMultiStart.h.
.PP
References peoMultiStart< EntityType >::algorithms, peoMultiStart< EntityType >::data, peoMultiStart< EntityType >::dataIndex, peoMultiStart< EntityType >::functionIndex, peoMultiStart< EntityType >::idx, peoMultiStart< EntityType >::num_term, Service::requestResourceRequest(), and Communicable::stop().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects from the source code.
