.TH "peoPSOSelect" 3 "13 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
peoPSOSelect \- Specific class for a selection of a population of a PSO.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <peoPSO.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoSelectOne< POT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBPO\fP< POT >::\fBFitness\fP \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fItypedef : creation of Fitness \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpeoPSOSelect\fP (\fBeoTopology\fP< POT > &_topology)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const POT & \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBeoPop\fP< POT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoTopology\fP< POT > & \fBtopology\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class POT> class peoPSOSelect< POT >"
Specific class for a selection of a population of a PSO. 

\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBeoSelectOne\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
1.1 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
october 2007 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 54 of file peoPSO.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class POT> \fBpeoPSOSelect\fP< POT >::\fBpeoPSOSelect\fP (\fBeoTopology\fP< POT > & _topology)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBeoTopology\fP\fP < POT > & _topology 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 60 of file peoPSO.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class POT> virtual const POT& \fBpeoPSOSelect\fP< POT >::operator() (const \fBeoPop\fP< POT > & _pop)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Virtual operator. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoPop<POT>&\fP _pop 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
POT& 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 69 of file peoPSO.h.
.PP
References peoPSOSelect< POT >::topology.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class POT> \fBeoTopology\fP< POT >& \fBpeoPSOSelect\fP< POT >::\fBtopology\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBeoTopology\fP\fP < POT > & topology 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 76 of file peoPSO.h.
.PP
Referenced by peoPSOSelect< POT >::operator()().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects from the source code.
