.TH "moeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch" 3 "6 Dec 2006" "Version 0.1" "ParadisEO-MOEO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch \- Elitist selection process that consists in choosing individuals in the archive as well as in the current population.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch\fP (eoSelectOne< EOT > &_popSelectOne, eoSelectOne< EOT > _archSelectOne, \fBmoeoArchive\fP< EOT > &_arch, double _ratioFromPop=0.5)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch\fP (eoSelectOne< EOT > &_popSelectOne, \fBmoeoArchive\fP< EOT > &_arch, double _ratioFromPop=0.5)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor - the archive's selection operator is a random selector. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const EOT & \fBoperator()\fP (const eoPop< EOT > &pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe selection process. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetup\fP (const eoPop< EOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISetups some population stats. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "eoSelectOne< EOT > & \fBpopSelectOne\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe population's selection operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "eoSelectOne< EOT > & \fBarchSelectOne\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe archive's selection operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoArchive\fP< EOT > & \fBarch\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe archive \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBratioFromPop\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe ratio of selected individuals from the population \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "eoRandomSelect< EOT > \fBrandomSelect\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe random selection operator \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class moeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch< EOT >"
Elitist selection process that consists in choosing individuals in the archive as well as in the current population. 
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file moeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBmoeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch\fP< EOT >::\fBmoeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch\fP (eoSelectOne< EOT > & _popSelectOne, eoSelectOne< EOT > _archSelectOne, \fBmoeoArchive\fP< EOT > & _arch, double _ratioFromPop = \fC0.5\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Ctor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_popSelectOne\fP the population's selection operator 
.br
\fI_archSelectOne\fP the archive's selection operator 
.br
\fI_arch\fP the archive 
.br
\fI_ratioFromPop\fP the ratio of selected individuals from the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 37 of file moeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch.h.
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBmoeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch\fP< EOT >::\fBmoeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch\fP (eoSelectOne< EOT > & _popSelectOne, \fBmoeoArchive\fP< EOT > & _arch, double _ratioFromPop = \fC0.5\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Ctor - the archive's selection operator is a random selector. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_popSelectOne\fP the population's selection operator 
.br
\fI_arch\fP the archive 
.br
\fI_ratioFromPop\fP the ratio of selected individuals from the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 49 of file moeoSelectOneFromPopAndArch.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO from the source code.
