.TH "moeoArchive" 3 "6 Dec 2006" "Version 0.1" "ParadisEO-MOEO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoArchive \- An archive is a secondary population that stores non-dominated solutions.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoArchive.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef EOT::Fitness \fBEOFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe fitness type of a solution. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdominates\fP (const \fBEOFitness\fP &_fit) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns true if the current archive dominates _fit. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBcontains\fP (const \fBEOFitness\fP &_fit) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns true if the current archive contains _fit. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdate\fP (const EOT &_eo)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdates the archive with a given individual _eo. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdate\fP (const eoPop< EOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdates the archive with a given population _pop. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class moeoArchive< EOT >"
An archive is a secondary population that stores non-dominated solutions. 
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file moeoArchive.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> bool \fBmoeoArchive\fP< EOT >::dominates (const \fBEOFitness\fP & _fit) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns true if the current archive dominates _fit. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_fit\fP the (Pareto) fitness to compare with the current archive 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 39 of file moeoArchive.h.
.PP
Referenced by moeoArchive< EOT >::update().
.SS "template<class EOT> bool \fBmoeoArchive\fP< EOT >::contains (const \fBEOFitness\fP & _fit) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns true if the current archive contains _fit. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_fit\fP the (Pareto) fitness to search within the current archive 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 51 of file moeoArchive.h.
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBmoeoArchive\fP< EOT >::update (const EOT & _eo)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Updates the archive with a given individual _eo. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_eo\fP the given individual 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 63 of file moeoArchive.h.
.PP
References moeoArchive< EOT >::dominates().
.PP
Referenced by moeoArchive< EOT >::update().
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBmoeoArchive\fP< EOT >::update (const eoPop< EOT > & _pop)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Updates the archive with a given population _pop. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the given population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 98 of file moeoArchive.h.
.PP
References moeoArchive< EOT >::update().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO from the source code.
