.TH "moFirstImprSelect" 3 "29 Feb 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moFirstImprSelect \- One possible \fBmoMoveSelect\fP.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moFirstImprSelect.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoMoveSelect< M >< M >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType::Fitness \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBinit\fP (const \fBFitness\fP &_fitness)"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which initialise the exploration. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBupdate\fP (const M &_move, const \fBFitness\fP &_fitness)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP that indicates if the current move has not improved the fitness. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (M &_move, \fBFitness\fP &_fitness)"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which saved the best move and fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBvalid\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAllow to know if at least one move has improved the solution. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "M \fBbest_move\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBest stored movement. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitness\fP \fBinitial_fitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInitial fitness. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitness\fP \fBbest_fitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBest stored fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moFirstImprSelect< M >"
One possible \fBmoMoveSelect\fP. 

The neighborhood is explored until a move enables an improvment of the current solution. 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file moFirstImprSelect.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> virtual void \fBmoFirstImprSelect\fP< M >::init (const \fBFitness\fP & _fitness)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which initialise the exploration. 
.PP
It save the current fitness as the initial value for the fitness. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_fitness\fP The current fitness. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBmoMoveSelect< M >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file moFirstImprSelect.h.
.PP
References moFirstImprSelect< M >::initial_fitness, and moFirstImprSelect< M >::valid.
.SS "template<class M> bool \fBmoFirstImprSelect\fP< M >::update (const M & _move, const \fBFitness\fP & _fitness)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBFunction\fP that indicates if the current move has not improved the fitness. 
.PP
If the given fitness enables an improvment, the move (\fBmoMove\fP) should be applied to the current solution.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move\fP a move. 
.br
\fI_fitness\fP a fitness linked to the move. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if the move does not improve the fitness. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBmoMoveSelect< M >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file moFirstImprSelect.h.
.PP
References moFirstImprSelect< M >::best_fitness, moFirstImprSelect< M >::best_move, moFirstImprSelect< M >::initial_fitness, and moFirstImprSelect< M >::valid.
.SS "template<class M> void \fBmoFirstImprSelect\fP< M >::operator() (M & _move, \fBFitness\fP & _fitness)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which saved the best move and fitness. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move\fP the current move (result of the procedure). 
.br
\fI_fitness\fP the current fitness (result of the procedure). 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoBF< M &, M::EOType::Fitness &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file moFirstImprSelect.h.
.PP
References moFirstImprSelect< M >::best_fitness, moFirstImprSelect< M >::best_move, and moFirstImprSelect< M >::valid.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects from the source code.
