.TH "moHCMoveLoopExpl" 3 "3 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moHCMoveLoopExpl \- Iterative explorer used by a \fBmoHC\fP.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moHCMoveLoopExpl.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoMoveLoopExpl< M >< M >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoHCMoveLoopExpl\fP (\fBmoMoveInit\fP< M > &_move_initializer, \fBmoNextMove\fP< M > &_next_move_generator, \fBmoMoveIncrEval\fP< M > &_incremental_evaluation, \fBmoMoveSelect\fP< M > &_move_selection)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBEOT\fP &_old_solution, \fBEOT\fP &_new_solution)"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which launches the explorer. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType \fBEOT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType::Fitness \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoMoveInit\fP< M > & \fBmove_initializer\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMove initialiser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoNextMove\fP< M > & \fBnext_move_generator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINeighborhood explorer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoMoveIncrEval\fP< M > & \fBincremental_evaluation\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI(generally) Efficient evaluation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoMoveSelect\fP< M > & \fBmove_selection\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMove selector. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >"
Iterative explorer used by a \fBmoHC\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file moHCMoveLoopExpl.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> \fBmoHCMoveLoopExpl\fP< M >::\fBmoHCMoveLoopExpl\fP (\fBmoMoveInit\fP< M > & _move_initializer, \fBmoNextMove\fP< M > & _next_move_generator, \fBmoMoveIncrEval\fP< M > & _incremental_evaluation, \fBmoMoveSelect\fP< M > & _move_selection)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
All the boxes have to be specified.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move_initializer\fP The move initialiser. 
.br
\fI_next_move_generator\fP The neighbourhood explorer. 
.br
\fI_incremental_evaluation\fP (generally) Efficient evaluation function. 
.br
\fI_move_selection\fP The move selector. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 66 of file moHCMoveLoopExpl.h.
.PP
References moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::incremental_evaluation, moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::move_initializer, moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::move_selection, and moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::next_move_generator.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> void \fBmoHCMoveLoopExpl\fP< M >::operator() (const \fBEOT\fP & _old_solution, \fBEOT\fP & _new_solution)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which launches the explorer. 
.PP
The exploration starts from an old solution and provides a new solution.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_old_solution\fP The current solution. 
.br
\fI_new_solution\fP The new solution (result of the procedure). 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 79 of file moHCMoveLoopExpl.h.
.PP
References moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::Fitness, moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::incremental_evaluation, moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::move_initializer, moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::move_selection, and moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::next_move_generator.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects from the source code.
