.TH "moNoAspirCrit" 3 "3 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moNoAspirCrit \- One of the possible aspiration criterion (\fBmoAspirCrit\fP).  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moNoAspirCrit.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoAspirCrit< M >< M >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (const M &_move, const typename M::EOType::Fitness &_fitness)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction which describes the aspiration criterion behaviour. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which initialises all that needs a moNoAspirCrit. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moNoAspirCrit< M >"
One of the possible aspiration criterion (\fBmoAspirCrit\fP). 

The simplest : never satisfied. 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file moNoAspirCrit.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> bool \fBmoNoAspirCrit\fP< M >::operator() (const M & _move, const typename M::EOType::Fitness & _fitness)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Function which describes the aspiration criterion behaviour. 
.PP
Does nothing.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move\fP a move. 
.br
\fI_fitness\fP a fitness. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
false. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 59 of file moNoAspirCrit.h.
.SS "template<class M> void \fBmoNoAspirCrit\fP< M >::init ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which initialises all that needs a moNoAspirCrit. 
.PP
Nothing... 
.PP
Implements \fBmoAspirCrit< M >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file moNoAspirCrit.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects from the source code.
