.TH "moTSMoveLoopExpl" 3 "29 Feb 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moTSMoveLoopExpl \- Explorer for a Tabu Search algorithm.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moTSMoveLoopExpl.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoMoveLoopExpl< M >< M >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoTSMoveLoopExpl\fP (\fBmoMoveInit\fP< M > &_move_initializer, \fBmoNextMove\fP< M > &_next_move_generator, \fBmoMoveIncrEval\fP< M > &_incremental_evaluation, \fBmoTabuList\fP< M > &_tabu_list, \fBmoAspirCrit\fP< M > &_aspiration_criterion)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBEOT\fP &_old_solution, \fBEOT\fP &_new_solution)"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which lauches the exploration. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType \fBEOT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType::Fitness \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoMoveInit\fP< M > & \fBmove_initializer\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMove initialisation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoNextMove\fP< M > & \fBnext_move_generator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINeighborhood explorer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoMoveIncrEval\fP< M > & \fBincremental_evaluation\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIEfficient evaluation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoBestImprSelect\fP< M > \fBmove_selection\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMove selector. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoTabuList\fP< M > & \fBtabu_list\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITabu list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoAspirCrit\fP< M > & \fBaspiration_criterion\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAspiration criterion. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moTSMoveLoopExpl< M >"
Explorer for a Tabu Search algorithm. 

It is used by a \fBmoTS\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file moTSMoveLoopExpl.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> \fBmoTSMoveLoopExpl\fP< M >::\fBmoTSMoveLoopExpl\fP (\fBmoMoveInit\fP< M > & _move_initializer, \fBmoNextMove\fP< M > & _next_move_generator, \fBmoMoveIncrEval\fP< M > & _incremental_evaluation, \fBmoTabuList\fP< M > & _tabu_list, \fBmoAspirCrit\fP< M > & _aspiration_criterion)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move_initializer\fP The move initializer. 
.br
\fI_next_move_generator\fP The neighbourhood explorer. 
.br
\fI_incremental_evaluation\fP A (generally) efficient evaluation. 
.br
\fI_tabu_list\fP The tabu list. 
.br
\fI_aspiration_criterion\fP An aspiration criterion. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 71 of file moTSMoveLoopExpl.h.
.PP
References moTSMoveLoopExpl< M >::aspiration_criterion, and moTSMoveLoopExpl< M >::tabu_list.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> void \fBmoTSMoveLoopExpl\fP< M >::operator() (const \fBEOT\fP & _old_solution, \fBEOT\fP & _new_solution)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which lauches the exploration. 
.PP
The exploration continues while the chosen move is not in the tabu list or the aspiration criterion is true. If these 2 conditions are not true, the exploration stops if the move selector update function returns false.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_old_solution\fP the initial solution 
.br
\fI_new_solution\fP the new solution 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 90 of file moTSMoveLoopExpl.h.
.PP
References moTSMoveLoopExpl< M >::aspiration_criterion, moTSMoveLoopExpl< M >::incremental_evaluation, moTSMoveLoopExpl< M >::move_initializer, moTSMoveLoopExpl< M >::move_selection, moTSMoveLoopExpl< M >::next_move_generator, and moTSMoveLoopExpl< M >::tabu_list.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects from the source code.
