.TH "eoBit" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoBit \- Implementation of bitstring chromosome.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <ga/eoBit.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoVector< FitT, bool >\fP.
.PP
Inherited by eoVirus< FitT >.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoBit\fP (unsigned size=0, bool value=false)"
.br
.RI "\fI(Default) Constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBclassName\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIMy class name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBprintOn\fP (std::ostream &os) const "
.br
.RI "\fITo print me on a stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBreadFrom\fP (std::istream &is)"
.br
.RI "\fITo read me from a stream. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class FitT> class eoBit< FitT >"
Implementation of bitstring chromosome. 

Based on STL's vector<bool> specialization. 
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file eoBit.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class FitT> \fBeoBit\fP< \fBFitT\fP >::\fBeoBit\fP (unsigned size = \fC0\fP, bool value = \fCfalse\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
(Default) Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsize\fP Size of the binary std::string. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 69 of file eoBit.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class FitT> virtual void \fBeoBit\fP< \fBFitT\fP >::printOn (std::ostream & os) const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
To print me on a stream. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIos\fP The std::ostream. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBeoVector< FitT, bool >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file eoBit.h.
.PP
References EO< F >::printOn().
.SS "template<class FitT> virtual void \fBeoBit\fP< \fBFitT\fP >::readFrom (std::istream & is)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
To read me from a stream. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIis\fP The std::istream. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBeoVector< FitT, bool >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file eoBit.h.
.PP
References EO< F >::readFrom().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
