.TH "eoBitMutation" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoBitMutation \- eoBitMutation --> classical mutation  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <ga/eoBitOp.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoMonOp< Chrom >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoBitMutation\fP (const double &_rate=0.01, bool _normalize=false)"
.br
.RI "\fI(Default) Constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBclassName\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIThe class name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (Chrom &chrom)"
.br
.RI "\fIMutate a chromosome. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBrate\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBnormalize\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class Chrom> class eoBitMutation< Chrom >"
eoBitMutation --> classical mutation 
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file eoBitOp.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class Chrom> \fBeoBitMutation\fP< Chrom >::\fBeoBitMutation\fP (const double & _rate = \fC0.01\fP, bool _normalize = \fCfalse\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
(Default) Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_rate\fP Rate of mutation. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 111 of file eoBitOp.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class Chrom> bool \fBeoBitMutation\fP< Chrom >::operator() (Chrom & chrom)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Mutate a chromosome. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIchrom\fP The chromosome to be mutated. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< Chrom &, bool >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 121 of file eoBitOp.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
