.TH "eoCombinedInit" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoCombinedInit \- Combined INIT: a proportional recombination of \fBeoInit\fP objects.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoCombinedInit.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoInit< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoCombinedInit\fP (\fBeoInit\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_init, double _rate)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor, make sure that at least one \fBeoInit\fP is present. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (\fBeoInit\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_init, double _rate, bool _verbose=false)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe usual method to add objects to the combination note the _verbose parameter, that allows to print what's inside the combination with scaled rates. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBprintOn\fP (std::ostream &_os)"
.br
.RI "\fIoutputs the operators and percentages \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBEOT\fP &_eo)"
.br
.RI "\fIPerforms the init: chooses among all initializers using roulette wheel on the rates. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBclassName\fP (void) const "
.br
.RI "\fIclassName: Mandatory because of eoCombinedInit. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBeoInit\fP< \fBEOT\fP > * > \fBinitializers\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< double > \fBrates\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class eoCombinedInit< EOT >"
Combined INIT: a proportional recombination of \fBeoInit\fP objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file eoCombinedInit.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> virtual std::string \fBeoCombinedInit\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::className (void) const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
className: Mandatory because of eoCombinedInit. 
.PP
SHould be pure virtual, but then we should go over the whole code to write the method for all derived classes ... MS 16/7/04 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBeoInit< EOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file eoCombinedInit.h.
.PP
Referenced by eoCombinedInit< EOT >::printOn().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
