.TH "eoContinue" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoContinue \- Termination condition for the genetic algorithm Takes the population as input, returns true for continue, false for termination.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoContinue.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoUF< const eoPop< EOT > &, bool >\fP, and \fBeoPersistent\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBeoCheckPoint< EOT >\fP, \fBeoCombinedContinue< EOT >\fP, \fBeoCtrlCContinue< EOT >\fP, \fBeoEvalContinue< EOT >\fP, \fBeoFitContinue< EOT >\fP, \fBeoGenContinue< EOT >\fP, eoPeriodicContinue< EOT >, and \fBeoSteadyFitContinue< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBclassName\fP (void) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreadFrom\fP (std::istream &__is)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprintOn\fP (std::ostream &__os) const "
.br
.RI "\fIWrite object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class eoContinue< EOT >"
Termination condition for the genetic algorithm Takes the population as input, returns true for continue, false for termination. 
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file eoContinue.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBeoContinue\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::readFrom (std::istream & __is)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Read object. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_is\fP A std::istream. 
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIruntime_std::exception\fP If a valid object can't be read. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoPersistent\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBeoGenContinue< EOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file eoContinue.h.
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBeoContinue\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::printOn (std::ostream & __os) const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Write object. 
.PP
It's called printOn since it prints the object on a stream. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_os\fP A std::ostream. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoPrintable\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBeoGenContinue< EOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file eoContinue.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
