.TH "eoDrawable" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoDrawable \- eoDrawable is a template class that adds a drawing interface to an object.\\ Requisites for template instantiation are that the object must admit a default ctor and a copy ctor.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoDrawable.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoDrawable\fP (const Object &_o)"
.br
.RI "\fIMain ctor from an already built Object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoDrawable\fP (const \fBeoDrawable\fP &_d)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~eoDrawable\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual dtor. They are needed in virtual class hierarchies. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (unsigned _x, unsigned _y)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIDraws the object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class Object> class eoDrawable< Object >"
eoDrawable is a template class that adds a drawing interface to an object.\\ Requisites for template instantiation are that the object must admit a default ctor and a copy ctor. 

The Object must be an \fBeoObject\fP, thus, it must have its methods: className, eoDrawables can be drawn on any two-dimensional surface; it can be added to any object with above characteristics. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBeoObject\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 44 of file eoDrawable.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class Object> virtual void \fBeoDrawable\fP< Object >::draw (unsigned _x, unsigned _y)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draws the object. 
.PP
It must be redefined in any subclass, it´s impossible to have a general drawing method 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_x,_y\fP coorinates 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
