.TH "eoDynSGATransform" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoDynSGATransform \- eoDynSGATransform: transforms a population using genetic operators.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoSGATransform.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoTransform< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoDynSGATransform\fP (\fBeoQuadOp\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_cross, double _cProba, \fBeoMonOp\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_mutate, double _mProba)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor - receives values. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoDynSGATransform\fP (\fBeoQuadOp\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_cross, double *_cProbaRef, \fBeoMonOp\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_mutate, double *_mProbaRef)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis constructor receives pointers. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fITransforms a population. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double & \fBPCrossHandle\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double & \fBPMutHandle\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoInvalidateQuadOp\fP< \fBEOT\fP > \fBcross\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBcrossoverProbaHolder\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double & \fBcrossoverProba\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoInvalidateMonOp\fP< \fBEOT\fP > \fBmutate\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBmutationProbaHolder\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double & \fBmutationProba\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class eoDynSGATransform< EOT >"
eoDynSGATransform: transforms a population using genetic operators. 

It is the Dynamic version of the above \fBeoSGATransform\fP i.e. the operators probabilities can be passed as an \fBeoValueParam\fP, and hence can be modified from outside It is here mainly for tutorial reasons 
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file eoSGATransform.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBeoDynSGATransform\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::operator() (\fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > & _pop)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Transforms a population. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpop\fP The population to be transformed. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< eoPop< EOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 125 of file eoSGATransform.h.
.PP
References eoRng::flip().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
