.TH "eoEsMutationInit" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoEsMutationInit \- Initialize Mutation operator.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoEsMutationInit.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoEsMutationInit\fP (\fBeoParser\fP &_parser, std::string _section='ES mutation parameters')"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~eoEsMutationInit\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBTauLcl\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIlocal  \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBTauGlb\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIglobal tau \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBTauBeta\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIcorrelation's tau \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBsection\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBTauLclName\fP (void) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual char \fBTauLclShort\fP (void) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBTauGlbName\fP (void) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual char \fBTauGlbShort\fP (void) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBTauBetaName\fP (void) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual char \fBTauBetaShort\fP (void) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoParser\fP & \fBparser\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBrepSection\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoValueParam\fP< double > * \fBTauLclParam\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoValueParam\fP< double > * \fBTauGlbParam\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoValueParam\fP< double > * \fBTauBetaParam\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Initialize Mutation operator. 

Proxy class that is used for initializing the mutation operator. It provides an interface between \fBeoEsMutate\fP and the abstract parameterLoader. It also provides the names for the parameters in this class as virtual protected member functions.
.PP
If you have more than a single ES in a project that need different names in the configuration files, you might consider overriding this class to change the names.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBeoEsMutate\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 47 of file eoEsMutationInit.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "eoEsMutationInit::eoEsMutationInit (\fBeoParser\fP & _parser, std::string _section = \fC'ES mutation parameters'\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_parser\fP Parser to read parameters from. 
.br
\fI_section\fP Parser section for -parameters. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 56 of file eoEsMutationInit.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
