.TH "eoEsGlobalXover" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoEsGlobalXover \- Gloabl crossover operator for ES genotypes.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoEsGlobalXover.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoGenOp< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef EOT::Fitness \fBFitT\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoEsGlobalXover\fP (\fBeoBinOp\fP< double > &_crossObj, \fBeoBinOp\fP< double > &_crossMut)"
.br
.RI "\fI(Default) Constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBclassName\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIThe class name. Used to display statistics. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBmax_production\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe TOTAL number of offspring (here = nb of parents modified in place). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBapply\fP (\fBeoPopulator\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_plop)"
.br
.RI "\fImodifies one parents in the populator using 2 new parents for each component! \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcross_self_adapt\fP (\fBeoEsSimple\fP< FitT > &_parent, const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBeoEsSimple\fP< FitT > > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIMethod for cross self-adaptation parameters. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcross_self_adapt\fP (\fBeoEsStdev\fP< FitT > &_parent, const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBeoEsStdev\fP< FitT > > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIMethod for cross self-adaptation parameters. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcross_self_adapt\fP (\fBeoEsFull\fP< FitT > &_parent, const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBeoEsFull\fP< FitT > > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIMethod for cross self-adaptation parameters. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoRandomSelect\fP< \fBEOT\fP > \fBsel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoBinOp\fP< double > & \fBcrossObj\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoBinOp\fP< double > & \fBcrossMut\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class eoEsGlobalXover< EOT >"
Gloabl crossover operator for ES genotypes. 

Uses some Atom crossovers to handle both the object variables and the mutation strategy parameters 
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file eoEsGlobalXover.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBeoEsGlobalXover\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::apply (\fBeoPopulator\fP< \fBEOT\fP > & _plop)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
modifies one parents in the populator using 2 new parents for each component! 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP a POPULATOR (not a simple population) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoGenOp< EOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file eoEsGlobalXover.h.
.PP
References eoEsGlobalXover< EOT >::cross_self_adapt(), EO< F >::invalidate(), and eoPopulator< EOT >::source().
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBeoEsGlobalXover\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::cross_self_adapt (\fBeoEsSimple\fP< FitT > & _parent, const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBeoEsSimple\fP< FitT > > & _pop)\fC [inline, private]\fP"
.PP
Method for cross self-adaptation parameters. 
.PP
Specialization for \fBeoEsSimple\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file eoEsGlobalXover.h.
.PP
References eoEsSimple< Fit >::stdev.
.PP
Referenced by eoEsGlobalXover< EOT >::apply().
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBeoEsGlobalXover\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::cross_self_adapt (\fBeoEsStdev\fP< FitT > & _parent, const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBeoEsStdev\fP< FitT > > & _pop)\fC [inline, private]\fP"
.PP
Method for cross self-adaptation parameters. 
.PP
Specialization for \fBeoEsStdev\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file eoEsGlobalXover.h.
.PP
References eoEsStdev< Fit >::stdevs.
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBeoEsGlobalXover\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::cross_self_adapt (\fBeoEsFull\fP< FitT > & _parent, const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBeoEsFull\fP< FitT > > & _pop)\fC [inline, private]\fP"
.PP
Method for cross self-adaptation parameters. 
.PP
Specialization for \fBeoEsFull\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 121 of file eoEsGlobalXover.h.
.PP
References eoEsFull< Fit >::correlations, and eoEsFull< Fit >::stdevs.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
