.TH "eoGenContinue" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoGenContinue \- Generational continuator: continues until a number of generations is reached.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoGenContinue.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoContinue< EOT >< EOT >\fP, and \fBeoValueParam< unsigned >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoGenContinue\fP (unsigned long _totalGens)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor for setting a. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoGenContinue\fP (unsigned long _totalGens, unsigned long &_currentGen)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor for enabling the save/load the no. of generations counted. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_vEO)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns false when a certain number of generations is reached. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBtotalGenerations\fP (unsigned long _tg)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the number of generations to reach and sets the current generation to 0 (the begin). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual unsigned long \fBtotalGenerations\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the number of generations to reach. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBclassName\fP (void) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreadFrom\fP (std::istream &__is)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprintOn\fP (std::ostream &__os) const "
.br
.RI "\fIWrite object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBverbose\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBrepTotalGenerations\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBthisGenerationPlaceHolder\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long & \fBthisGeneration\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class eoGenContinue< EOT >"
Generational continuator: continues until a number of generations is reached. 
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file eoGenContinue.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBeoGenContinue\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::readFrom (std::istream & __is)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Read object. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_is\fP A std::istream. 
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIruntime_std::exception\fP If a valid object can't be read. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBeoContinue< EOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file eoGenContinue.h.
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBeoGenContinue\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::printOn (std::ostream & __os) const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Write object. 
.PP
It's called printOn since it prints the object on a stream. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_os\fP A std::ostream. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBeoContinue< EOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file eoGenContinue.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
