.TH "eoGenOp" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoGenOp \- The base class for General Operators Subclass this operator is you want to define an operator that falls outside of the \fBeoMonOp\fP, \fBeoBinOp\fP, \fBeoQuadOp\fP classification.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoGenOp.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoOp< EOT >\fP, and \fBeoUF< eoPopulator< EOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBeoBinGenOp< EOT >\fP, \fBeoEsGlobalXover< EOT >\fP, \fBeoMonGenOp< EOT >\fP, \fBeoOpContainer< EOT >\fP, \fBeoPropGAGenOp< EOT >\fP, \fBeoQuadGenOp< EOT >\fP, \fBeoSelBinGenOp< EOT >\fP, \fBeoSGAGenOp< EOT >\fP, one2threeOp, three2threeOp, and two2oneOp.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoGenOp\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICtor that honors its superclass. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual unsigned \fBmax_production\fP (void)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIMax production is used to reserve space for all elements that are used by the operator, not setting it properly can result in a crash. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBclassName\fP () const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPopulator\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe pure virtual function that needs to be implemented by the subclass. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBapply\fP (\fBeoPopulator\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_pop)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIthe function that will do the work \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class eoGenOp< EOT >"
The base class for General Operators Subclass this operator is you want to define an operator that falls outside of the \fBeoMonOp\fP, \fBeoBinOp\fP, \fBeoQuadOp\fP classification. 

The argument the operator will receive is an \fBeoPopulator\fP, which is a wrapper around the original population, is an instantiation of the next population and has often a selection function embedded in it to select new individuals.
.PP
Note that the actual work is performed in the apply function. AND that the apply function is responsible for invalidating the object if necessary 
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file eoGenOp.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
