.TH "eoNormalMutation" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoNormalMutation \- Simple normal mutation of a std::vector of real values.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoNormalMutation.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoMonOp< EOT >\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBeoOneFifthMutation< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoNormalMutation\fP (double &_sigma, const double &_p_change=1.0)"
.br
.RI "\fI(Default) Constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoNormalMutation\fP (\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP &_bounds, double _sigma, const double &_p_change=1.0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor with bounds. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBclassName\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIThe class name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (\fBEOT\fP &_eo)"
.br
.RI "\fIDo it! \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double & \fBSigma\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAccessor to ref to sigma - for update and monitor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double & \fBsigma\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP & \fBbounds\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBp_change\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class eoNormalMutation< EOT >"
Simple normal mutation of a std::vector of real values. 

The stDev is fixed - but it is passed ans stored as a reference, to enable dynamic mutations (see eoOenFithMutation below).
.PP
As for the bounds, the values are here folded back into the bounds. The other possiblity would be to iterate until we fall inside the bounds - but this sometimes takes a long time!!! 
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file eoNormalMutation.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBeoNormalMutation\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::\fBeoNormalMutation\fP (double & _sigma, const double & _p_change = \fC1.0\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
(Default) Constructor. 
.PP
The bounds are initialized with the global object that says: no bounds.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_sigma\fP the range for uniform nutation 
.br
\fI_p_change\fP the probability to change a given coordinate 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 127 of file eoNormalMutation.h.
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBeoNormalMutation\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::\fBeoNormalMutation\fP (\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP & _bounds, double _sigma, const double & _p_change = \fC1.0\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor with bounds. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_bounds\fP an \fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP that contains the bounds 
.br
\fI_sigma\fP the range for uniform nutation 
.br
\fI_p_change\fP the probability to change a given coordinate 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 136 of file eoNormalMutation.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> bool \fBeoNormalMutation\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::operator() (\fBEOT\fP & _eo)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Do it! 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_eo\fP The cromosome undergoing the mutation 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< EOT &, bool >\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBeoOneFifthMutation< EOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 147 of file eoNormalMutation.h.
.PP
References eoRng::flip(), eoRealBaseVectorBounds::foldsInBounds(), and eoRng::normal().
.PP
Referenced by eoOneFifthMutation< EOT >::operator()().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
