.TH "eoNormalVecMutation" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoNormalVecMutation \- Simple normal mutation of a std::vector of real values.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoNormalMutation.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoMonOp< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoNormalVecMutation\fP (double _sigma, const double &_p_change=1.0)"
.br
.RI "\fI(Default) Constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoNormalVecMutation\fP (\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP &_bounds, double _sigma, const double &_p_change=1.0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor with bounds. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBclassName\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIThe class name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (\fBEOT\fP &_eo)"
.br
.RI "\fIDo it! \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< double > \fBsigma\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP & \fBbounds\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBp_change\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class eoNormalVecMutation< EOT >"
Simple normal mutation of a std::vector of real values. 

The stDev is fixed - but it is passed ans stored as a reference, to enable dynamic mutations (see eoOenFithMutation below).
.PP
As for the bounds, the values are here folded back into the bounds. The other possiblity would be to iterate until we fall inside the bounds - but this sometimes takes a long time!!! 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file eoNormalMutation.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBeoNormalVecMutation\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::\fBeoNormalVecMutation\fP (double _sigma, const double & _p_change = \fC1.0\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
(Default) Constructor. 
.PP
The bounds are initialized with the global object that says: no bounds.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_sigma\fP the range for uniform nutation 
.br
\fI_p_change\fP the probability to change a given coordinate 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 58 of file eoNormalMutation.h.
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBeoNormalVecMutation\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::\fBeoNormalVecMutation\fP (\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP & _bounds, double _sigma, const double & _p_change = \fC1.0\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor with bounds. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_bounds\fP an \fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP that contains the bounds 
.br
\fI_sigma\fP the range for uniform nutation 
.br
\fI_p_change\fP the probability to change a given coordinate
.RE
.PP
for each component, the sigma is scaled to the range of the bound, if bounded 
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file eoNormalMutation.h.
.PP
References eoRealBaseVectorBounds::isBounded(), and eoRealBaseVectorBounds::range().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> bool \fBeoNormalVecMutation\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::operator() (\fBEOT\fP & _eo)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Do it! 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_eo\fP The cromosome undergoing the mutation 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< EOT &, bool >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file eoNormalMutation.h.
.PP
References eoRng::flip(), eoRealBaseVectorBounds::foldsInBounds(), and eoRng::normal().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
