.TH "eoParseTree" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoParseTree \- Implementation of parse-tree for genetic programming.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <gp/eoParseTree.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBEO< FType >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef parse_tree< Node >::subtree \fBSubtree\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef Node \fBreference\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef const reference \fBconst_reference\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoParseTree\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault Constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoParseTree\fP (const parse_tree< Node > &tree)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy Constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpruneTree\fP (unsigned _size)"
.br
.RI "\fITo prune me to a certain size. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoParseTree\fP (std::istream &is)"
.br
.RI "\fITo read me from a stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBclassName\fP (void) const "
.br
.RI "\fIMy class name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprintOn\fP (std::ostream &os) const "
.br
.RI "\fITo print me on a stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreadFrom\fP (std::istream &is)"
.br
.RI "\fITo read me from a stream. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class FType, class Node> class eoParseTree< FType, Node >"
Implementation of parse-tree for genetic programming. 
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file eoParseTree.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class FType, class Node> \fBeoParseTree\fP< FType, Node >::\fBeoParseTree\fP (const parse_tree< Node > & tree)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Copy Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItree\fP The tree to copy 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 79 of file eoParseTree.h.
.SS "template<class FType, class Node> \fBeoParseTree\fP< FType, Node >::\fBeoParseTree\fP (std::istream & is)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
To read me from a stream. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIis\fP The std::istream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 102 of file eoParseTree.h.
.PP
References eoParseTree< FType, Node >::readFrom().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class FType, class Node> virtual void \fBeoParseTree\fP< FType, Node >::pruneTree (unsigned _size)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
To prune me to a certain size. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_size\fP My maximum size 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 86 of file eoParseTree.h.
.PP
Referenced by eoCollapseSubtreeMutation< FType, Node >::operator()(), eoExpansionMutation< FType, Node >::operator()(), eoBranchMutation< FType, Node >::operator()(), and eoSubtreeXOver< FType, Node >::operator()().
.SS "template<class FType, class Node> void \fBeoParseTree\fP< FType, Node >::printOn (std::ostream & os) const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
To print me on a stream. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIos\fP The std::ostream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBEO< FType >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file eoParseTree.h.
.PP
References EO< F >::printOn().
.SS "template<class FType, class Node> void \fBeoParseTree\fP< FType, Node >::readFrom (std::istream & is)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
To read me from a stream. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIis\fP The std::istream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBEO< FType >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file eoParseTree.h.
.PP
References EO< F >::readFrom().
.PP
Referenced by eoParseTree< FType, Node >::eoParseTree().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
