.TH "eoParameterLoader" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoParameterLoader \- Parameter saving and loading.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoParser.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBeoParser\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~eoParameterLoader\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fINeed a virtual destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBprocessParam\fP (\fBeoParam\fP &param, std::string section='')=0"
.br
.RI "\fIRegister a parameter and set its value if it is known. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBisItThere\fP (\fBeoParam\fP &_param) const =0"
.br
.RI "\fIchecks if _param has been actually entered \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class ValueType> \fBeoValueParam\fP< ValueType > & \fBcreateParam\fP (ValueType _defaultValue, std::string _longName, std::string _description, char _shortHand=0, std::string _section='', bool _required=false)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct a Param and sets its value. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBeoParam\fP * > \fBownedParams\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Parameter saving and loading. 

eoParameterLoader is an abstract class that can be used as a base for your own parameter loading and saving. The command line parser \fBeoParser\fP is derived from this class. 
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file eoParser.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void eoParameterLoader::processParam (\fBeoParam\fP & param, std::string section = \fC''\fP)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Register a parameter and set its value if it is known. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparam\fP the parameter to process 
.br
\fIsection\fP the section where this parameter belongs 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBeoParser\fP.
.SS "template<class ValueType> \fBeoValueParam\fP<ValueType>& eoParameterLoader::createParam (ValueType _defaultValue, std::string _longName, std::string _description, char _shortHand = \fC0\fP, std::string _section = \fC''\fP, bool _required = \fCfalse\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Construct a Param and sets its value. 
.PP
The loader will own the memory thus created
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_defaultValue\fP The default value 
.br
\fI_longName\fP Long name of the argument 
.br
\fI_description\fP Description of the parameter. What is useful for. 
.br
\fI_shortName\fP Short name of the argument (Optional) 
.br
\fI_section\fP Name of the section where the parameter belongs 
.br
\fI_required\fP If it is a necessary parameter or not 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 70 of file eoParser.h.
.PP
Referenced by eoParser::getORcreateParam(), and eoParser::setORcreateParam().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
