.TH "eoPerf2WorthCached" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoPerf2WorthCached \- Perf2Worth with fitness cache.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoPerf2Worth.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoPerf2Worth< EOT, WorthT >< EOT, WorthT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoPerf2WorthCached\fP (std::string _description='Worths')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplementation of the operator(), updating a cache of fitnesses. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBcalculate_worths\fP (const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_pop)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIThe actual virtual function the derived classes should implement. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsort_pop\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISort population according to worth, will keep the worths and fitness_cache in sync with the population. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBresize\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_pop, unsigned sz)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< typename EOT::Fitness > \fBfitness_cache\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT, class WorthT = typename EOT::Fitness> class eoPerf2WorthCached< EOT, WorthT >"
Perf2Worth with fitness cache. 
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file eoPerf2Worth.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT, class WorthT = typename EOT::Fitness> void \fBeoPerf2WorthCached\fP< \fBEOT\fP, WorthT >::operator() (const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > & _pop)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implementation of the operator(), updating a cache of fitnesses. 
.PP
Calls the virtual function calculate_worths when one of the fitnesses has changed. It is not virtual, but derived classes can remove the fitness caching trough the third template element 
.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< const eoPop< EOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 125 of file eoPerf2Worth.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
