.TH "eoPersistent" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoPersistent \- An persistent object that knows how to write (through functions inherited from \fBeoPrintable\fP#) and read itself.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoPersistent.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoPrintable\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBEO< F >\fP, \fBEO< double >\fP, \fBEO< EOT::Fitness >\fP, \fBEO< Fit >\fP, \fBEO< Fitness >\fP, \fBEO< fitness_type >\fP, \fBEO< fitnessT >\fP, \fBEO< FitT >\fP, \fBEO< FType >\fP, \fBEO< phenotype >\fP, \fBEO< PyFitness >\fP, \fBeoContinue< EOT >\fP, \fBeoDistribution< EOT >\fP, \fBeoHowMany\fP, \fBeoIntBounds\fP, \fBeoParser\fP, \fBeoPop< EOT >\fP, \fBeoPop< Dummy >\fP, \fBeoPop< PyEO >\fP, \fBeoRealBounds\fP, \fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP, and \fBeoRng\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~eoPersistent\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual dtor. They are needed in virtual class hierarchies. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBreadFrom\fP (std::istream &_is)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
An persistent object that knows how to write (through functions inherited from \fBeoPrintable\fP#) and read itself. 
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file eoPersistent.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void eoPersistent::readFrom (std::istream & _is)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Read object. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_is\fP A std::istream. 
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIruntime_std::exception\fP If a valid object can't be read. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBEO< F >\fP, \fBeoContinue< EOT >\fP, \fBeoGenContinue< EOT >\fP, \fBeoPop< EOT >\fP, \fBeoVector< FitT, GeneType >\fP, \fBeoEsFull< Fit >\fP, \fBeoEsSimple< Fit >\fP, \fBeoEsStdev< Fit >\fP, \fBeoBit< FitT >\fP, \fBeoPBILDistrib< EOT >\fP, \fBeoParseTree< FType, Node >\fP, \fBeoExternalEO< Fit, External >\fP, \fBeoHowMany\fP, \fBeoIntNoBounds\fP, \fBeoIntInterval\fP, \fBeoIntBelowBound\fP, \fBeoIntAboveBound\fP, \fBeoGeneralIntBounds\fP, \fBeoParser\fP, \fBeoRealNoBounds\fP, \fBeoRealInterval\fP, \fBeoRealBelowBound\fP, \fBeoRealAboveBound\fP, \fBeoGeneralRealBounds\fP, \fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP, \fBeoRng\fP, \fBEO< double >\fP, \fBEO< EOT::Fitness >\fP, \fBEO< FitT >\fP, \fBEO< phenotype >\fP, \fBEO< fitnessT >\fP, \fBEO< Fit >\fP, \fBEO< FType >\fP, \fBEO< fitness_type >\fP, \fBEO< Fitness >\fP, \fBEO< PyFitness >\fP, \fBeoPop< PyEO >\fP, \fBeoPop< Dummy >\fP, \fBeoVector< Fit, double >\fP, \fBeoVector< FitT, double >\fP, and \fBeoVector< FitT, bool >\fP.
.PP
Referenced by eoState::load().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
