.TH "eoRealVectorBounds" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoRealVectorBounds \- Now a derived class, for parser reading It holds some of the bounds (and destroy them when dying).  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoRealVectorBounds.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoRealBaseVectorBounds\fP, and \fBeoPersistent\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBeoRealVectorNoBounds\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault Ctor will call base class default ctor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP (unsigned _dim, \fBeoRealBounds\fP &_bounds)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor: same bounds for everybody, given as an \fBeoRealBounds\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP (\fBeoRealBounds\fP &_xbounds, \fBeoRealBounds\fP &_ybounds)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor, particular case of dim-2. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP (unsigned _dim, double _min, double _max)"
.br
.RI "\fISimple bounds = minimum and maximum (allowed). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP (std::vector< double > _min, std::vector< double > _max)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor: different bounds for different variables, std::vectors of double. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP (std::string _s)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor from a std::string and don't worry, the \fBreadFrom(std::string)\fP starts by setting everything to 0! \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~eoRealVectorBounds\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDtor: destroy all ownedBounds - BUG ??? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBreadFrom\fP (std::istream &_is)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead object from a stream only calls the \fBreadFrom(std::string)\fP - for param reading. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBreadFrom\fP (std::string _s)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead object from a std::string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBprintOn\fP (std::ostream &_os) const "
.br
.RI "\fIoverload printOn method to save space \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadjust_size\fP (unsigned _dim)"
.br
.RI "\fIEventually increases the size by duplicating last bound. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP (const \fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP &)"
.br
.RI "\fIneed to rewrite copy ctor and assignement operator because of ownedBounds \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBeoRealVectorBounds\fP &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< unsigned int > \fBfactor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBeoRealBounds\fP * > \fBownedBounds\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Now a derived class, for parser reading It holds some of the bounds (and destroy them when dying). 
.PP
Definition at line 228 of file eoRealVectorBounds.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void eoRealVectorBounds::readFrom (std::istream & _is)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Read object from a stream only calls the \fBreadFrom(std::string)\fP - for param reading. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_is\fP A std::istream. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoPersistent\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file eoRealBounds.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by eoRealVectorBounds().
.SS "void eoRealVectorBounds::readFrom (std::string _s)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Read object from a std::string. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_is\fP A std::istream. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 73 of file eoRealBounds.cpp.
.PP
References adjust_size().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
