.TH "eoScalarFitnessAssembled" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoScalarFitnessAssembled \- Implements fitness as std::vector, storing all values that might occur during fitness assembly.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoScalarFitnessAssembled.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef std::vector< ScalarType > \fBbaseVector\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef baseVector::size_type \fBsize_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoScalarFitnessAssembled\fP (size_type _n, const ScalarType &_val, const std::string &_descr='Unnamed variable')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoScalarFitnessAssembled\fP (const \fBeoScalarFitnessAssembled\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoScalarFitnessAssembled\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBeoScalarFitnessAssembled\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoScalarFitnessAssembled\fP (const ScalarType &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoScalarFitnessAssembled\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const ScalarType &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpush_back\fP (const ScalarType &_val)"
.br
.RI "\fIOverload \fBpush_back()\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpush_back\fP (const ScalarType &_val, const std::string &_descr)"
.br
.RI "\fIOverload \fBpush_back()\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBresize\fP (size_type _n, const ScalarType &_val=ScalarType(), const std::string &_descr='Unnamed variable')"
.br
.RI "\fIOverload \fBresize()\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDescription\fP (size_type _idx, std::string _descr)"
.br
.RI "\fISet description. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetDescription\fP (size_type _idx)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet description. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< std::string > \fBgetDescriptionVector\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet vector with descriptions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator ScalarType\fP (void) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprintAll\fP (std::ostream &os) const "
.br
.RI "\fIPrint term values and descriptions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<\fP (const \fBeoScalarFitnessAssembled\fP &other) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator>\fP (const \fBeoScalarFitnessAssembled\fP< ScalarType, Compare, FitnessTraits > &y) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<=\fP (const \fBeoScalarFitnessAssembled\fP< ScalarType, Compare, FitnessTraits > &y) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator>=\fP (const \fBeoScalarFitnessAssembled\fP< ScalarType, Compare, FitnessTraits > &y) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBfeasible\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICan be specified anywhere in fitness evaluation as an indicator if the individual is in some feasible range. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBfailed\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICan be specified anywhere in fitness evaluation as an indicator if the evaluation of the individual failed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBmsg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICan be specified anywhere in fitness evaluation. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class ScalarType, class Compare, class FitnessTraits> class eoScalarFitnessAssembled< ScalarType, Compare, FitnessTraits >"
Implements fitness as std::vector, storing all values that might occur during fitness assembly. 

Properties:
.IP "\(bu" 2
Wraps a scalar fitness values such as a double or int, with the option of maximizing (using less<ScalarType>) or minimizing (using greater<ScalarType>).
.IP "\(bu" 2
Stores all kinda different values met during fitness assembly, to be defined in \fBeoEvalFunc\fP.
.IP "\(bu" 2
It overrides operator<() to use the Compare template argument.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Suitable constructors and assignments and casts are defined to work with this quantity as if it were a ScalarType.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Global fitness value is stored as first element in the vector 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 88 of file eoScalarFitnessAssembled.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class ScalarType, class Compare, class FitnessTraits> std::string \fBeoScalarFitnessAssembled\fP< ScalarType, Compare, FitnessTraits >::\fBmsg\fP"
.PP
Can be specified anywhere in fitness evaluation. 
.PP
Typically used to store some sort of error messages, if evaluation of individual failed. 
.PP
Definition at line 195 of file eoScalarFitnessAssembled.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
