.TH "eoSortedPopStat" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoSortedPopStat \- Thanks to MS/VC++, \fBeoParam\fP mechanism is unable to handle std::vectors of stats.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoPopStat.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoSortedStat< EOT, std::string >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoSortedPopStat\fP (unsigned _howMany=0, std::string _desc='')"
.br
.RI "\fIdefault Ctor, void std::string by default, as it appears on the description line once at beginning of evolution. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (const std::vector< const \fBEOT\fP * > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIFills the \fBvalue()\fP of the \fBeoParam\fP with the dump of the population. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBcombien\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class eoSortedPopStat< EOT >"
Thanks to MS/VC++, \fBeoParam\fP mechanism is unable to handle std::vectors of stats. 

This snippet is a workaround: This class will 'print' a whole population into a std::string - that you can later send to any stream This is the Sorted version - see eoPopString for the plain version
.PP
Note: this Stat should probably be used only within eoStdOutMonitor, and not inside an \fBeoFileMonitor\fP, as the \fBeoState\fP construct will work much better there. 
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file eoPopStat.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBeoSortedPopStat\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::\fBeoSortedPopStat\fP (unsigned _howMany = \fC0\fP, std::string _desc = \fC''\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
default Ctor, void std::string by default, as it appears on the description line once at beginning of evolution. 
.PP
and is meaningless there _howMany defaults to 0, that is, the whole population 
.PP
Definition at line 107 of file eoPopStat.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBeoSortedPopStat\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::operator() (const std::vector< const \fBEOT\fP * > & _pop)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Fills the \fBvalue()\fP of the \fBeoParam\fP with the dump of the population. 
.PP
Adds a 
.br
 before so it does not get mixed up with the rest of the stats that are written by the monitor it is probably used from. 
.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< const std::vector< const EOT * > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file eoPopStat.h.
.PP
References eoValueParam< std::string >::value().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
