.TH "eoSteadyFitContinue" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoSteadyFitContinue \- A continuator: does a minimum number of generations, then stops whenever a given number of generations takes place without improvement.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoSteadyFitContinue.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoContinue< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef EOT::Fitness \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoSteadyFitContinue\fP (unsigned long _minGens, unsigned long _steadyGens)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor for setting a. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoSteadyFitContinue\fP (unsigned long _minGens, unsigned long _steadyGen, unsigned long &_currentGen)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor for enabling the save/load the no. of generations counted. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_vEO)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns false when a certain number of generations is reached withtout improvement. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBtotalGenerations\fP (unsigned long _mg, unsigned long _sg)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the parameters (minimum nb of gen. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBreset\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIResets the state after it's been reached. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual unsigned long \fBminGenerations\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIaccessors \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual unsigned long \fBsteadyGenerations\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBclassName\fP (void) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBrepMinGenerations\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBrepSteadyGenerations\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBsteadyState\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBthisGenerationPlaceHolder\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long & \fBthisGeneration\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBlastImprovement\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Fitness \fBbestSoFar\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class eoSteadyFitContinue< EOT >"
A continuator: does a minimum number of generations, then stops whenever a given number of generations takes place without improvement. 
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file eoSteadyFitContinue.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> virtual void \fBeoSteadyFitContinue\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::totalGenerations (unsigned long _mg, unsigned long _sg)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the parameters (minimum nb of gen. 
.PP
+ steady nb of gen.) and sets the current generation to 0 (the begin) 
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file eoSteadyFitContinue.h.
.PP
References eoSteadyFitContinue< EOT >::reset().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
