.TH "eoTruncatedSelectMany" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoTruncatedSelectMany \- eoTruncatedSelectMany selects many individuals using \fBeoSelectOne\fP as it's mechanism.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoTruncatedSelectMany.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoSelect< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoTruncatedSelectMany\fP (\fBeoSelectOne\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_select, double _rateGenitors, double _rateFertile, bool _interpret_as_rateG=true, bool _interpret_as_rateF=true)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoTruncatedSelectMany\fP (\fBeoSelectOne\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_select, \fBeoHowMany\fP _howManyGenitors, \fBeoHowMany\fP _howManyFertile)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_source, \fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &_dest)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe implementation repeatidly selects an individual. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoSelectOne\fP< \fBEOT\fP > & \fBselect\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoHowMany\fP \fBhowManyGenitors\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoHowMany\fP \fBhowManyFertile\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class eoTruncatedSelectMany< EOT >"
eoTruncatedSelectMany selects many individuals using \fBeoSelectOne\fP as it's mechanism. 

Therefore \fBeoSelectMany\fP needs an \fBeoSelectOne\fP in its ctor
.PP
It will use an eoHowMnay to determine the number of guys to select, and push them to the back of the destination population.
.PP
And it will only perform selection from the top guys in the population.
.PP
It is NOT a special case of \fBeoSelectMany\fP because it needs to SORT the population to discard the worst guys before doing the selection
.PP
However, the same result can be obtained by embedding an \fBeoTruncatedSelectOne\fP into an \fBeoSelectMany\fP ... 
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file eoTruncatedSelectMany.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> virtual void \fBeoTruncatedSelectMany\fP< \fBEOT\fP >::operator() (const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > & _source, \fBeoPop\fP< \fBEOT\fP > & _dest)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
The implementation repeatidly selects an individual. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_source\fP the source population 
.br
\fI_dest\fP the resulting population (size of this population is the number of times \fBeoSelectOne\fP is called. It empties the destination and adds the selection into it) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoBF< const eoPop< EOT > &, eoPop< EOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file eoTruncatedSelectMany.h.
.PP
References eoSelectOne< EOT, WorthT >::setup(), eoPop< EOT >::shuffle(), and eoPop< EOT >::sort().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
