.TH "eoUnaryFunctorCounter" 3 "19 Oct 2006" "Version 0.9.4-cvs" "EO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoUnaryFunctorCounter \- Generic counter class that counts the number of times a unary function is used.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoCounter.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoValueParam< unsigned long >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoUnaryFunctorCounter\fP (UnaryFunctor &_func, std::string _name='uf_counter')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "UnaryFunctor::result_type \fBoperator()\fP (typename UnaryFunctor::first_argument_type _arg1)"
.br
.RI "\fICalls the embedded function and increments the counter. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "UnaryFunctor & \fBfunc\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class UnaryFunctor> class eoUnaryFunctorCounter< UnaryFunctor >"
Generic counter class that counts the number of times a unary function is used. 

Add a unary function through its ctor and use this class instead of it.
.PP
It is derived from \fBeoValueParam\fP so you can add it to a monitor.
.PP
Example: suppose you have an \fBeoEvalFunc\fP called myeval, to count the number of evaluations, just define:
.PP
eoUnaryFunctorCounter<void, EoType> evalCounter(myeval);
.PP
and use evalCounter now instead of myeval. 
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file eoCounter.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class UnaryFunctor> UnaryFunctor::result_type \fBeoUnaryFunctorCounter\fP< UnaryFunctor >::operator() (typename UnaryFunctor::first_argument_type _arg1)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Calls the embedded function and increments the counter. 
.PP
Note for MSVC users, if this code does not compile, you are quite likely trying to count a function that has a non-void return type. Don't look at us, look at the MSVC builders. Code like 'return void;' is perfectly legal according to the ANSI standard, but the guys at Microsoft didn't get to implementing it yet.
.PP
We had two choices: assuming (and compiling ) code that returns void or code that returns non-void. Given that in \fBEO\fP most functors return void, it was chosen to support void.
.PP
But also please let me know if you have a compiler that defines _MSC_VER (lot's of windows compilers do), but is quite capable of compiling return void; type of code. We'll try to change the signature then.
.PP
You happy GNU (and other compiler) users will not have a problem with this. 
.PP
Definition at line 118 of file eoCounter.h.
.PP
References eoValueParam< unsigned long >::value().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EO from the source code.
