.TH "peoSeqTransform" 3 "11 Oct 2007" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-PEO:ParallelandDistributedEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
peoSeqTransform \- The \fBpeoSeqTransform\fP represent a wrapper for offering the possibility of using \fBEO\fP derived transform operators along with the ParadisEO evolutionary algorithms.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <peoSeqTransform.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBpeoTransform< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpeoSeqTransform\fP (\fBeoTransform\fP< EOT > &__trans)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor function - sets an internal reference towards the specified EO-derived transform object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< EOT > &__pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIOperator for applying the specified transform operators on each individual of the given population. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpackData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface function for providing a link with the parallel architecture of the ParadisEO framework. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBunpackData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface function for providing a link with the parallel architecture of the ParadisEO framework. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBexecute\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface function for providing a link with the parallel architecture of the ParadisEO framework. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpackResult\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface function for providing a link with the parallel architecture of the ParadisEO framework. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBunpackResult\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface function for providing a link with the parallel architecture of the ParadisEO framework. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoTransform\fP< EOT > & \fBtrans\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class peoSeqTransform< EOT >"
The \fBpeoSeqTransform\fP represent a wrapper for offering the possibility of using \fBEO\fP derived transform operators along with the ParadisEO evolutionary algorithms. 

A minimal set of interface functions is also provided for creating the link with the parallel architecture of the ParadisEO framework. 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file peoSeqTransform.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBpeoSeqTransform\fP< EOT >::\fBpeoSeqTransform\fP (\fBeoTransform\fP< EOT > & __trans)"
.PP
Constructor function - sets an internal reference towards the specified EO-derived transform object. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoTransform<\fP EOT >& __trans - EO-derived transform object including crossover and mutation operators. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 83 of file peoSeqTransform.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBpeoSeqTransform\fP< EOT >::operator() (\fBeoPop\fP< EOT > & __pop)"
.PP
Operator for applying the specified transform operators on each individual of the given population. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoPop<\fP EOT >& __pop - population to be transformed by applying the crossover and mutation operators. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 88 of file peoSeqTransform.h.
.PP
References peoSeqTransform< EOT >::trans.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-PEO:ParallelandDistributedEvolvingObjects from the source code.
