.TH "moeoSelectFromPopAndArch" 3 "13 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-MOEO-MultiObjectiveEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoSelectFromPopAndArch \- Elitist selection process that consists in choosing individuals in the archive as well as in the current population.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoSelectFromPopAndArch.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoSelectOne< MOEOT >< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoSelectFromPopAndArch\fP (\fBmoeoSelectOne\fP< MOEOT > &_popSelectOne, \fBmoeoSelectOne\fP< MOEOT > _archSelectOne, \fBmoeoArchive\fP< MOEOT > &_arch, double _ratioFromPop=0.5)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoSelectFromPopAndArch\fP (\fBmoeoSelectOne\fP< MOEOT > &_popSelectOne, \fBmoeoArchive\fP< MOEOT > &_arch, double _ratioFromPop=0.5)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefaulr ctor - the archive's selection operator is a random selector. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const MOEOT & \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe selection process. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetup\fP (const \fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISetups some population stats. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoSelectOne\fP< MOEOT > & \fBpopSelectOne\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe population's selection operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoSelectOne\fP< MOEOT > & \fBarchSelectOne\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe archive's selection operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoArchive\fP< MOEOT > & \fBarch\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe archive. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBratioFromPop\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe ratio of selected individuals from the population. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoRandomSelect\fP< MOEOT > \fBrandomSelectOne\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA random selection operator (used as default for archSelectOne). \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class MOEOT> class moeoSelectFromPopAndArch< MOEOT >"
Elitist selection process that consists in choosing individuals in the archive as well as in the current population. 
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file moeoSelectFromPopAndArch.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT> \fBmoeoSelectFromPopAndArch\fP< MOEOT >::\fBmoeoSelectFromPopAndArch\fP (\fBmoeoSelectOne\fP< MOEOT > & _popSelectOne, \fBmoeoSelectOne\fP< MOEOT > _archSelectOne, \fBmoeoArchive\fP< MOEOT > & _arch, double _ratioFromPop = \fC0.5\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Ctor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_popSelectOne\fP the population's selection operator 
.br
\fI_archSelectOne\fP the archive's selection operator 
.br
\fI_arch\fP the archive 
.br
\fI_ratioFromPop\fP the ratio of selected individuals from the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 62 of file moeoSelectFromPopAndArch.h.
.SS "template<class MOEOT> \fBmoeoSelectFromPopAndArch\fP< MOEOT >::\fBmoeoSelectFromPopAndArch\fP (\fBmoeoSelectOne\fP< MOEOT > & _popSelectOne, \fBmoeoArchive\fP< MOEOT > & _arch, double _ratioFromPop = \fC0.5\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Defaulr ctor - the archive's selection operator is a random selector. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_popSelectOne\fP the population's selection operator 
.br
\fI_arch\fP the archive 
.br
\fI_ratioFromPop\fP the ratio of selected individuals from the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 73 of file moeoSelectFromPopAndArch.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO-MultiObjectiveEvolvingObjects from the source code.
