.TH "moHC" 3 "23 Apr 2007" "Version 0.1" "PARADISEO-MO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moHC \- Hill Climbing (HC).  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moHC.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoAlgo< M::EOType >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoHC\fP (\fBmoMoveInit\fP< M > &__move_init, \fBmoNextMove\fP< M > &__next_move, \fBmoMoveIncrEval\fP< M > &__incr_eval, \fBmoMoveSelect\fP< M > &__move_select, \fBeoEvalFunc\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &__full_eval)"
.br
.RI "\fIFull constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoHC\fP (\fBmoMoveExpl\fP< M > &__move_expl, \fBeoEvalFunc\fP< \fBEOT\fP > &__full_eval)"
.br
.RI "\fILight constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (\fBEOT\fP &__sol)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction which launches the HC. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType \fBEOT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef EOT::Fitness \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoMoveExpl\fP< M > & \fBmove_expl\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIComplete exploration of the neighborhood. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoEvalFunc\fP< \fBEOT\fP > & \fBfull_eval\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA full evaluation function. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moHC< M >"
Hill Climbing (HC). 

Class which describes the algorithm for a hill climbing. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file moHC.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> \fBmoHC\fP< M >::\fBmoHC\fP (\fBmoMoveInit\fP< M > & __move_init, \fBmoNextMove\fP< M > & __next_move, \fBmoMoveIncrEval\fP< M > & __incr_eval, \fBmoMoveSelect\fP< M > & __move_select, \fBeoEvalFunc\fP< \fBEOT\fP > & __full_eval)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Full constructor. 
.PP
All the boxes are given in order the HC to use a \fBmoHCMoveLoopExpl\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__move_init\fP a move initialiser. 
.br
\fI__next_move\fP a neighborhood explorer. 
.br
\fI__incr_eval\fP a (generally) efficient evaluation function. 
.br
\fI__move_select\fP a move selector. 
.br
\fI__full_eval\fP a full evaluation function. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 53 of file moHC.h.
.SS "template<class M> \fBmoHC\fP< M >::\fBmoHC\fP (\fBmoMoveExpl\fP< M > & __move_expl, \fBeoEvalFunc\fP< \fBEOT\fP > & __full_eval)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Light constructor. 
.PP
This constructor allow to use another \fBmoMoveExpl\fP (generally not a \fBmoHCMoveLoopExpl\fP).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__move_expl\fP a complete explorer. 
.br
\fI__full_eval\fP a full evaluation function. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 67 of file moHC.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> bool \fBmoHC\fP< M >::operator() (\fBEOT\fP & __sol)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function which launches the HC. 
.PP
The HC has to improve a current solution. As the \fBmoSA\fP and the mo TS, it can be used for HYBRIDATION in an evolutionnary algorithm.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__sol\fP a current solution to improve. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
TRUE. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< M::EOType &, bool >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file moHC.h.
.PP
References moHC< M >::full_eval, and moHC< M >::move_expl.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for PARADISEO-MO from the source code.
