.TH "moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment" 3 "6 Jul 2007" "Version 1.0-beta" "ParadisEO-MOEO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment \- Fitness assignment sheme based on the achievement scalarizing function propozed by Wiersbicki (1980).  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoScalarFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef MOEOT::ObjectiveVector \fBObjectiveVector\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe objective vector type of the solutions \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoAchievementFitnessAssignment\fP (\fBObjectiveVector\fP &_reference, std::vector< double > &_lambdas, double _spn=0.0001)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault ctor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoAchievementFitnessAssignment\fP (\fBObjectiveVector\fP &_reference, double _spn=0.0001)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor with default values for lambdas (1/nObjectives). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the fitness values for every solution contained in the population _pop. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdateByDeleting\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop, \fBObjectiveVector\fP &_objVec)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdates the fitness values of the whole population _pop by taking the deletion of the objective vector _objVec into account (nothing to do). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetReference\fP (const \fBObjectiveVector\fP &_reference)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the reference point. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBinf\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a big value (regarded as infinite). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcompute\fP (MOEOT &_moeo)"
.br
.RI "\fIComputes the fitness value for a solution. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBObjectiveVector\fP \fBreference\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe reference point \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< double > \fBlambdas\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe weighted coefficients vector \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBspn\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIan arbitrary small positive number (0 < _spn << 1) \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class MOEOT> class moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >"
Fitness assignment sheme based on the achievement scalarizing function propozed by Wiersbicki (1980). 
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT> \fBmoeoAchievementFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::\fBmoeoAchievementFitnessAssignment\fP (\fBObjectiveVector\fP & _reference, std::vector< double > & _lambdas, double _spn = \fC0.0001\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Default ctor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_reference\fP reference point vector 
.br
\fI_lambdas\fP weighted coefficients vector 
.br
\fI_spn\fP arbitrary small positive number (0 < _spn << 1) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 38 of file moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment.h.
.PP
References moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::spn.
.SS "template<class MOEOT> \fBmoeoAchievementFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::\fBmoeoAchievementFitnessAssignment\fP (\fBObjectiveVector\fP & _reference, double _spn = \fC0.0001\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Ctor with default values for lambdas (1/nObjectives). 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_reference\fP reference point vector 
.br
\fI_spn\fP arbitrary small positive number (0 < _spn << 1) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 54 of file moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment.h.
.PP
References moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::lambdas, and moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::spn.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT> virtual void \fBmoeoAchievementFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::operator() (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the fitness values for every solution contained in the population _pop. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< eoPop< MOEOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment.h.
.PP
References moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::compute().
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoAchievementFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::updateByDeleting (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop, \fBObjectiveVector\fP & _objVec)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Updates the fitness values of the whole population _pop by taking the deletion of the objective vector _objVec into account (nothing to do). 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.br
\fI_objVec\fP the objective vector 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBmoeoFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment.h.
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoAchievementFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::setReference (const \fBObjectiveVector\fP & _reference)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Sets the reference point. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_reference\fP the new reference point 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 99 of file moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment.h.
.PP
References moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::reference.
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoAchievementFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::compute (MOEOT & _moeo)\fC [inline, private]\fP"
.PP
Computes the fitness value for a solution. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_moeo\fP the solution 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 128 of file moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment.h.
.PP
References moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::inf(), moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::lambdas, moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::reference, and moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::spn.
.PP
Referenced by moeoAchievementFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::operator()().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO from the source code.
