.TH "eoVRPStat" 3 "7 Dec 2007" "Version 1.0" "CVRP-TW" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoVRPStat \- Manages the statistics of the VRP problem.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <eoVRPStat.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBeoStat< eoVRP, double >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoVRPStat\fP (std::string _description='eoVRPStat ')"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor: initializes variables properly. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBeoVRP\fP > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets statistics from a population. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBclassName\fP (void) const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a string containing the name of the class. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Manages the statistics of the VRP problem. 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file eoVRPStat.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "eoVRPStat::eoVRPStat (std::string _description = \fC'eoVRPStat '\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor: initializes variables properly. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_description\fP A string identifying the class. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 56 of file eoVRPStat.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void eoVRPStat::operator() (const \fBeoPop\fP< \fBeoVRP\fP > & _pop)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Gets statistics from a population. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP The population that will be analyzed. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 66 of file eoVRPStat.h.
.PP
References eoValueParam< T >::value().
.SS "virtual std::string eoVRPStat::className (void) const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns a string containing the name of the class. 
.PP
Used to display statistics. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The string containing the name of the class. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBeoStat< eoVRP, double >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file eoVRPStat.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CVRP-TW from the source code.
