.TH "moHCMoveLoopExpl" 3 "3 Aug 2007" "Version 0.1" "PARADISEO-MO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moHCMoveLoopExpl \- Iterative explorer used by a \fBmoHC\fP.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moHCMoveLoopExpl.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoMoveLoopExpl< M >< M >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoHCMoveLoopExpl\fP (\fBmoMoveInit\fP< M > &__move_init, \fBmoNextMove\fP< M > &__next_move, \fBmoMoveIncrEval\fP< M > &__incr_eval, \fBmoMoveSelect\fP< M > &__move_select)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (const \fBEOT\fP &__old_sol, \fBEOT\fP &__new_sol)"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which launches the explorer. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType \fBEOT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType::Fitness \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoMoveInit\fP< M > & \fBmove_init\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMove initialiser. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoNextMove\fP< M > & \fBnext_move\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINeighborhood explorer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoMoveIncrEval\fP< M > & \fBincr_eval\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI(generally) Efficient evaluation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoMoveSelect\fP< M > & \fBmove_select\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMove selector. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >"
Iterative explorer used by a \fBmoHC\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file moHCMoveLoopExpl.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> \fBmoHCMoveLoopExpl\fP< M >::\fBmoHCMoveLoopExpl\fP (\fBmoMoveInit\fP< M > & __move_init, \fBmoNextMove\fP< M > & __next_move, \fBmoMoveIncrEval\fP< M > & __incr_eval, \fBmoMoveSelect\fP< M > & __move_select)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
All the boxes have to be specified.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__move_init\fP the move initialiser. 
.br
\fI__next_move\fP the neighborhood explorer. 
.br
\fI__incr_eval\fP (generally) efficient evaluation function. 
.br
\fI__move_select\fP the move selector. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 43 of file moHCMoveLoopExpl.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> void \fBmoHCMoveLoopExpl\fP< M >::operator() (const \fBEOT\fP & __old_sol, \fBEOT\fP & __new_sol)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which launches the explorer. 
.PP
The exploration starts from an old solution and provides a new solution.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__old_sol\fP the current solution. 
.br
\fI__new_sol\fP the new_sol (result of the procedure). 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoBF< const M::EOType &, M::EOType &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file moHCMoveLoopExpl.h.
.PP
References moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::incr_eval, moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::move_init, moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::move_select, and moHCMoveLoopExpl< M >::next_move.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for PARADISEO-MO from the source code.
