.TH "moItRandNextMove" 3 "5 Jul 2007" "Version 0.1" "PARADISEO-MO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moItRandNextMove \- One of the possible \fBmoNextMove\fP.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moItRandNextMove.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoNextMove< M >< M >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoItRandNextMove\fP (\fBmoRandMove\fP< M > &__rand_move, unsigned int __max_iter)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (M &__move, const \fBEOT\fP &__sol)"
.br
.RI "\fIGeneration of a new move. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType \fBEOT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the type. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoRandMove\fP< M > & \fBrand_move\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA move generator (generally randomly). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmax_iter\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIteration maximum number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBnum_iter\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIteration current number. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moItRandNextMove< M >"
One of the possible \fBmoNextMove\fP. 

This class is a move (\fBmoMove\fP) generator with a bound for the maximum number of iterations. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file moItRandNextMove.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> \fBmoItRandNextMove\fP< M >::\fBmoItRandNextMove\fP (\fBmoRandMove\fP< M > & __rand_move, unsigned int __max_iter)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
The constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters\fP only for initialising the attributes.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__rand_move\fP the random move generator. 
.br
\fI__max_iter\fP the iteration maximum number. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 37 of file moItRandNextMove.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> bool \fBmoItRandNextMove\fP< M >::operator() (M & __move, const \fBEOT\fP & __sol)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Generation of a new move. 
.PP
If the maximum number is not already reached, the current move is forgotten and remplaced by another one.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__move\fP the current move. 
.br
\fI__sol\fP the current solution. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
FALSE if the maximum number of iteration is reached, else TRUE. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 52 of file moItRandNextMove.h.
.PP
References moItRandNextMove< M >::max_iter, moItRandNextMove< M >::num_iter, and moItRandNextMove< M >::rand_move.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for PARADISEO-MO from the source code.
