.TH "moSimpleMoveTabuList" 3 "15 Jan 2008" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-MOMovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moSimpleMoveTabuList \- Class describing a move tabu list with a limited memory.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moSimpleMoveTabuList.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoTabuList< M >< M >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType \fBEOT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef std::list< M >::iterator \fBmoveIterator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for an iterator of a move list. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoSimpleMoveTabuList\fP (unsigned int _memory_maximum_size)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (const M &_move, const \fBEOT\fP &_solution)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP that indicates if, in a given state, the _move is tabu or not. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (const M &_move, const \fBEOT\fP &_solution)"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure to add a move in the tabu list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdate\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure that updates the tabu list content. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which initialises the tabu list. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBremoveMove\fP (const M &_move)"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure that removes a given move from the tabu list (if it is into, else do nothing). \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmemory_maximum_size\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe maximum size of the tabu list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmemory_size\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe current size of the tabu list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< M > \fBtabuList\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe move tabu list. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moSimpleMoveTabuList< M >"
Class describing a move tabu list with a limited memory. 
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file moSimpleMoveTabuList.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> bool \fBmoSimpleMoveTabuList\fP< M >::operator() (const M & _move, const \fBEOT\fP & _solution)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBFunction\fP that indicates if, in a given state, the _move is tabu or not. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move\fP A given \fBmoMove\fP. 
.br
\fI_solution\fP A solution. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true or false. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 69 of file moSimpleMoveTabuList.h.
.PP
References moSimpleMoveTabuList< M >::tabuList.
.SS "template<class M> void \fBmoSimpleMoveTabuList\fP< M >::add (const M & _move, const \fBEOT\fP & _solution)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure to add a move in the tabu list. 
.PP
The two parameters have not to be modified so they are constant parameters.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move\fP a new tabu move. 
.br
\fI_solution\fP the origianl solution associated to this move. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBmoTabuList< M >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file moSimpleMoveTabuList.h.
.PP
References moSimpleMoveTabuList< M >::memory_maximum_size, moSimpleMoveTabuList< M >::memory_size, moSimpleMoveTabuList< M >::removeMove(), and moSimpleMoveTabuList< M >::tabuList.
.SS "template<class M> void \fBmoSimpleMoveTabuList\fP< M >::update ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure that updates the tabu list content. 
.PP
Generally, a counter associated to each saved move is decreased by one. 
.PP
Implements \fBmoTabuList< M >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file moSimpleMoveTabuList.h.
.SS "template<class M> void \fBmoSimpleMoveTabuList\fP< M >::init ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Procedure which initialises the tabu list. 
.PP
Can be useful if the data structure needs to be allocated before being used. 
.PP
Implements \fBmoTabuList< M >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 115 of file moSimpleMoveTabuList.h.
.SS "template<class M> void \fBmoSimpleMoveTabuList\fP< M >::removeMove (const M & _move)\fC [inline, private]\fP"
.PP
Procedure that removes a given move from the tabu list (if it is into, else do nothing). 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move\fP A given \fBmoMove\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 126 of file moSimpleMoveTabuList.h.
.PP
References moSimpleMoveTabuList< M >::tabuList.
.PP
Referenced by moSimpleMoveTabuList< M >::add().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOMovingObjects from the source code.
