.TH "moSteadyFitSolContinue" 3 "31 Jul 2007" "Version 0.1" "PARADISEO-MO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moSteadyFitSolContinue \- One possible stopping criterion for a solution-based heuristic.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moSteadyFitSolContinue.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoSolContinue< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef EOT::Fitness \fBFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the fitness. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoSteadyFitSolContinue\fP (unsigned int __maxNumberOfIterations, unsigned int __maxNumberOfIterationWithoutImprovement, bool __maximization=true)"
.br
.RI "\fIBasic constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (const EOT &__sol)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that activates the stopping criterion. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIProcedure which allows to initialise the stuff needed. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmaxNumberOfIterations\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum number of iterations before considering the fitness. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmaxNumberOfIterationsWithoutImprovement\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum number of iterations without improvement allowed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBmaxNumberOfIterationsReached\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFlag that indicates that the maxNumberIteration have been reached. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBfirstFitnessSaved\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFlag that this is the first time that the fitness is used. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitness\fP \fBfitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent Fitness. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBmaximization\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFlag that indicate if there is a maximization (true) or a minimization (false) of the fitness value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBcounter\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe iteration couter. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class moSteadyFitSolContinue< EOT >"
One possible stopping criterion for a solution-based heuristic. 

The stop criterion corresponds to a maximum number of iterations without improvement (after a minimum number of iterations). 
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file moSteadyFitSolContinue.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBmoSteadyFitSolContinue\fP< EOT >::\fBmoSteadyFitSolContinue\fP (unsigned int __maxNumberOfIterations, unsigned int __maxNumberOfIterationWithoutImprovement, bool __maximization = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Basic constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__maxNumberOfIterations\fP The number of iterations to reach before looking for the fitness. 
.br
\fI__maxNumberOfIterationWithoutImprovement\fP The number of iterations without fitness improvement to reach for stop. 
.br
\fI__maximization\fP Indicate if the the aim is to maximize or minimize the fitness. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 35 of file moSteadyFitSolContinue.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> bool \fBmoSteadyFitSolContinue\fP< EOT >::operator() (const EOT & __sol)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that activates the stopping criterion. 
.PP
Indicates if the fitness has not been improved since a number of iterations (after a minimum of iterations).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI__sol\fP the current solution. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true or false. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< const EOT &, bool >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file moSteadyFitSolContinue.h.
.PP
References moSteadyFitSolContinue< EOT >::counter, moSteadyFitSolContinue< EOT >::firstFitnessSaved, moSteadyFitSolContinue< EOT >::fitness, moSteadyFitSolContinue< EOT >::maximization, moSteadyFitSolContinue< EOT >::maxNumberOfIterations, moSteadyFitSolContinue< EOT >::maxNumberOfIterationsReached, and moSteadyFitSolContinue< EOT >::maxNumberOfIterationsWithoutImprovement.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> bool \fBmoSteadyFitSolContinue\fP< EOT >::\fBmaximization\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Flag that indicate if there is a maximization (true) or a minimization (false) of the fitness value. 
.PP
It can be interesting to know this information because some solution-based metaheuristics can generate solution with a fitness that is worse that the best known fitness (in this case, the counter is not reinitialized). 
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file moSteadyFitSolContinue.h.
.PP
Referenced by moSteadyFitSolContinue< EOT >::operator()().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for PARADISEO-MO from the source code.
