.TH "eoVRPUtils" 3 "7 Dec 2007" "Version 1.0" "CVRP-TW" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
eoVRPUtils \- A set of structures and utility functions for the VRP-TW problem.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBClientData\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInformation regarding each client in the dataset. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBeoVRPUtils::ClientData\fP \fBClientDataT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRenaming of struct \fBClientData\fP. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcomputeDistances\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIComputes the distance between two clients. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetTimeWindow\fP (unsigned _client, double &_readyTime, double &_dueTime, double &_serviceTime)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the time window information of a given client. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBdistance\fP (unsigned _from, unsigned _to)"
.br
.RI "\fIA function to get the distance between two clients. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBpolarAngle\fP (unsigned _from, unsigned _to)"
.br
.RI "\fIComputes de polar angle between clients. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBload\fP (const char *_fileName)"
.br
.RI "\fILoads the problem data from a given file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprintRoute\fP (const Route &_route)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrints a route to the standard output. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprintRoutes\fP (Routes &_routes)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrints a set of routes to the standard output. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::vector< \fBClientDataT\fP > \fBclients\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIVector to store clients's information. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::vector< std::vector< double > > \fBdist\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDistance matrix. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A set of structures and utility functions for the VRP-TW problem. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void eoVRPUtils::computeDistances ()"
.PP
Computes the distance between two clients. 
.PP
The computed distances will be stored in dist. 
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file eoVRPUtils.h.
.PP
References clients, and dist.
.PP
Referenced by load().
.SS "void eoVRPUtils::getTimeWindow (unsigned _client, double & _readyTime, double & _dueTime, double & _serviceTime)"
.PP
Returns the time window information of a given client. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_client\fP The client whose information we want to know. 
.br
\fI_readyTime\fP Return value. The beginning of the client's time window. 
.br
\fI_dueTime\fP Return value. The end of the client's time window. 
.br
\fI_serviceTime\fP Return value. The client's service time. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 139 of file eoVRPUtils.h.
.PP
References clients.
.PP
Referenced by eoVRP::decode(), and eoVRPInit::evaluateInsertion().
.SS "float eoVRPUtils::distance (unsigned _from, unsigned _to)"
.PP
A function to get the distance between two clients. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_from\fP The first client. 
.br
\fI_to\fP The second client. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The distance between _from and _to. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 157 of file eoVRPUtils.h.
.PP
References clients, and dist.
.PP
Referenced by eoVRP::decode(), eoVRPInit::evaluateInsertion(), eoVRPInit::selectBestClientAsSeed(), eoVRPInit::selectCheapestClient(), and eoVRPInit::selectFarthestClientAsSeed().
.SS "float eoVRPUtils::polarAngle (unsigned _from, unsigned _to)"
.PP
Computes de polar angle between clients. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_from\fP The first client. 
.br
\fI_to\fP The second client. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The polar angle between _from and _to. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 174 of file eoVRPUtils.h.
.PP
References clients.
.PP
Referenced by eoVRPInit::selectCheapestClient().
.SS "void eoVRPUtils::load (const char * _fileName)"
.PP
Loads the problem data from a given file. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_fileName\fP The file to load data from. 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
No error check is performed! 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 199 of file eoVRPUtils.h.
.PP
References clients, and computeDistances().
.SS "void eoVRPUtils::printRoute (const Route & _route)"
.PP
Prints a route to the standard output. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_route\fP The route to print. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 241 of file eoVRPUtils.h.
.SS "void eoVRPUtils::printRoutes (Routes & _routes)"
.PP
Prints a set of routes to the standard output. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_routes\fP The set of routes to print. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 264 of file eoVRPUtils.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CVRP-TW from the source code.
