.TH "peoTransform" 3 "29 Feb 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
peoTransform \- Class for a parallel transform.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <peoTransform.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBService\fP, and \fBeoTransform< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpeoTransform\fP (\fBeoQuadOp\fP< EOT > &__cross, double __cross_rate, \fBeoMonOp\fP< EOT > &__mut, double __mut_rate)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< EOT > &__pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIOperator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpackData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP realizing packages of data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBunpackData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP reconstituting packages of data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBexecute\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP which executes the algorithm. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpackResult\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP realizing packages of the result. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBunpackResult\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP reconstituting packages of result. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnotifySendingData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP notifySendingData. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnotifySendingAllResourceRequests\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBFunction\fP notifySendingAllResourceRequests. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoQuadOp\fP< EOT > & \fBcross\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBcross_rate\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoMonOp\fP< EOT > & \fBmut\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBmut_rate\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBidx\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoPop\fP< EOT > * \fBpop\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "EOT \fBfather\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "EOT \fBmother\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBnum_term\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class peoTransform< EOT >"
Class for a parallel transform. 

\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBService\fP \fBeoTransform\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
1.1 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
january 2008 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 53 of file peoTransform.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBpeoTransform\fP< EOT >::\fBpeoTransform\fP (\fBeoQuadOp\fP< EOT > & __cross, double __cross_rate, \fBeoMonOp\fP< EOT > & __mut, double __mut_rate)"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoQuadOp<\fP EOT >& __cross 
.br
\fIdouble\fP __cross_rate 
.br
\fIeoMonOp<\fP EOT >& __mut 
.br
\fIdouble\fP __mut_rate 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 108 of file peoTransform.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBpeoTransform\fP< EOT >::operator() (\fBeoPop\fP< EOT > & __pop)"
.PP
Operator. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoPop<\fP EOT >& __pop 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 176 of file peoTransform.h.
.PP
References peoTransform< EOT >::idx, peoTransform< EOT >::num_term, peoTransform< EOT >::pop, Service::requestResourceRequest(), and Communicable::stop().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBeoQuadOp\fP< EOT >& \fBpeoTransform\fP< EOT >::\fBcross\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoQuadOp<\fP EOT >& cross 
.br
\fIdouble\fP cross_rate 
.br
\fIeoMonOp<\fP EOT >& mut 
.br
\fIdouble\fP mut_rate 
.br
\fIunsigned\fP idx 
.br
\fIeoPop<\fP EOT >* pop 
.br
\fIEOT\fP father 
.br
\fImother\fP 
.br
\fIunsigned\fP num_term 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 98 of file peoTransform.h.
.PP
Referenced by peoTransform< EOT >::execute().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-PEO-ParallelanddistributedEvolvingObjects from the source code.
