.TH "moItRandNextMove" 3 "13 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moItRandNextMove \- One of the possible \fBmoNextMove\fP.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moItRandNextMove.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoNextMove< M >< M >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoItRandNextMove\fP (\fBmoRandMove\fP< M > &_random_move_generator, unsigned int _iteration_maximum_number)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator()\fP (M &_move, const \fBEOT\fP &_solution)"
.br
.RI "\fIGeneration of a new move. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef M::EOType \fBEOT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for the type. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoRandMove\fP< M > & \fBrandom_move_generator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA move generator (generally randomly). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBiteration_maximum_number\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIteration maximum number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBiteration_number\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIteration current number. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class M> class moItRandNextMove< M >"
One of the possible \fBmoNextMove\fP. 

This class is a move (\fBmoMove\fP) generator with a bound for the maximum number of iterations. 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file moItRandNextMove.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> \fBmoItRandNextMove\fP< M >::\fBmoItRandNextMove\fP (\fBmoRandMove\fP< M > & _random_move_generator, unsigned int _iteration_maximum_number)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
The constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters\fP only for initialising the attributes.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_random_move_generator\fP The random move generator. 
.br
\fI_iteration_maximum_number\fP The iteration maximum number. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 61 of file moItRandNextMove.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class M> bool \fBmoItRandNextMove\fP< M >::operator() (M & _move, const \fBEOT\fP & _solution)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Generation of a new move. 
.PP
If the maximum number is not already reached, the current move is forgotten and remplaced by another one.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_move\fP the current move. 
.br
\fI_solution\fP the current solution. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
false if the maximum number of iteration is reached, else true. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 73 of file moItRandNextMove.h.
.PP
References moItRandNextMove< M >::iteration_maximum_number, moItRandNextMove< M >::iteration_number, and moItRandNextMove< M >::random_move_generator.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MO-MovingObjects from the source code.
