.TH "FlowShopObjectiveVectorTraits" 3 "29 Feb 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-MOEO-MultiObjectiveEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
FlowShopObjectiveVectorTraits \- Definition of the objective vector traits for multi-objective flow-shop problems.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <FlowShopObjectiveVectorTraits.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoObjectiveVectorTraits\fP.
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBminimizing\fP (int _i)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns true if the _ith objective have to be minimzed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBmaximizing\fP (int _i)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns true if the _ith objective have to be maximzed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static unsigned int \fBnObjectives\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the number of objectives. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition of the objective vector traits for multi-objective flow-shop problems. 
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file FlowShopObjectiveVectorTraits.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool FlowShopObjectiveVectorTraits::minimizing (int _i)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Returns true if the _ith objective have to be minimzed. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_i\fP index of the objective 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 41 of file FlowShopObjectiveVectorTraits.cpp.
.SS "bool FlowShopObjectiveVectorTraits::maximizing (int _i)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Returns true if the _ith objective have to be maximzed. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_i\fP index of the objective 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 47 of file FlowShopObjectiveVectorTraits.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO-MultiObjectiveEvolvingObjects from the source code.
