.TH "peoSeqPopEval" 3 "8 Oct 2007" "Version 1.0" "ParadisEO-PEOMovingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
peoSeqPopEval \- The \fBpeoSeqPopEval\fP class acts only as a ParadisEO specific sequential evaluation functor - a wrapper for incorporating an \fBeoEvalFunc< EOT >\fP-derived class as evaluation functor.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <peoSeqPopEval.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBpeoPopEval< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpeoSeqPopEval\fP (\fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > &__eval)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor function - it only sets an internal reference to point to the specified evaluation object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< EOT > &__pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIOperator for evaluating all the individuals of a given population - in a sequential iterative manner. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > & \fBeval\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class peoSeqPopEval< EOT >"
The \fBpeoSeqPopEval\fP class acts only as a ParadisEO specific sequential evaluation functor - a wrapper for incorporating an \fBeoEvalFunc< EOT >\fP-derived class as evaluation functor. 

The specified \fBEO\fP evaluation object is applyied in an iterative manner to each individual of a specified population. 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file peoSeqPopEval.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBpeoSeqPopEval\fP< EOT >::\fBpeoSeqPopEval\fP (\fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > & __eval)"
.PP
Constructor function - it only sets an internal reference to point to the specified evaluation object. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoEvalFunc<\fP EOT >& __eval - evaluation object to be applied for each individual of a specified population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 69 of file peoSeqPopEval.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBpeoSeqPopEval\fP< EOT >::operator() (\fBeoPop\fP< EOT > & __pop)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Operator for evaluating all the individuals of a given population - in a sequential iterative manner. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIeoPop<\fP EOT >& __pop - population to be evaluated. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBpeoPopEval< EOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file peoSeqPopEval.h.
.PP
References peoSeqPopEval< EOT >::eval.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-PEOMovingObjects from the source code.
