.TH "moeoCombinedMOLS" 3 "22 Dec 2006" "Version 0.1" "ParadisEO-MOEO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoCombinedMOLS \- This class allows to embed a set of local searches that are sequentially applied, and so working and updating the same archive of non-dominated solutions.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoCombinedMOLS.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoMOLS< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoCombinedMOLS\fP (\fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > &_eval, \fBmoeoMOLS\fP< EOT > &_first_ls)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (\fBmoeoMOLS\fP< EOT > &_ls)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdds a new local search to combine. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (const EOT &_eo, \fBmoeoArchive\fP< EOT > &_arch)"
.br
.RI "\fIGives a new solution in order to explore the neigborhood. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > & \fBeval\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe full evaluator of a solution \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBmoeoMOLS\fP< EOT > * > \fBcombinedMOLS\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe vector that contains the combined MOLS \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class moeoCombinedMOLS< EOT >"
This class allows to embed a set of local searches that are sequentially applied, and so working and updating the same archive of non-dominated solutions. 
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file moeoCombinedMOLS.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBmoeoCombinedMOLS\fP< EOT >::\fBmoeoCombinedMOLS\fP (\fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > & _eval, \fBmoeoMOLS\fP< EOT > & _first_ls)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Ctor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_eval\fP the full evaluator of a solution 
.br
\fI_first_ls\fP the first multi-objective local search to add 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 33 of file moeoCombinedMOLS.h.
.PP
References moeoCombinedMOLS< EOT >::combinedMOLS.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBmoeoCombinedMOLS\fP< EOT >::add (\fBmoeoMOLS\fP< EOT > & _ls)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Adds a new local search to combine. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_ls\fP the multi-objective local search to add 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 43 of file moeoCombinedMOLS.h.
.PP
References moeoCombinedMOLS< EOT >::combinedMOLS.
.SS "template<class EOT> void \fBmoeoCombinedMOLS\fP< EOT >::operator() (const EOT & _eo, \fBmoeoArchive\fP< EOT > & _arch)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Gives a new solution in order to explore the neigborhood. 
.PP
The new non-dominated solutions are added to the archive 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_eo\fP the solution 
.br
\fI_arch\fP the archive of non-dominated solutions 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoBF< const EOT &, moeoArchive< EOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file moeoCombinedMOLS.h.
.PP
References moeoCombinedMOLS< EOT >::combinedMOLS, and moeoCombinedMOLS< EOT >::eval.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO from the source code.
