.TH "moeoNSGA_II" 3 "22 Dec 2006" "Version 0.1" "ParadisEO-MOEO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoNSGA_II \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBeoAlgo< EOT >< EOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoNSGA_II\fP (unsigned _max_gen, \fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > &_eval, \fBeoGenOp\fP< EOT > &_op)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis constructor builds the algorithm as descibed in the paper. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoNSGA_II\fP (unsigned _max_gen, \fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > &_eval, \fBeoQuadOp\fP< EOT > &crossover, double pCross, \fBeoMonOp\fP< EOT > &mutation, double pMut)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor taking _max_gen, crossover and mutation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoNSGA_II\fP (\fBeoContinue\fP< EOT > &_continuator, \fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > &_eval, \fBeoGenOp\fP< EOT > &_op)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor taking a continuator instead of _gen_max. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< EOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fIApply a few generation of evolution to the population. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoContinue\fP< EOT > & \fBcontinuator\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > & \fBeval\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoPopLoopEval\fP< EOT > \fBloopEval\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoPopEvalFunc\fP< EOT > & \fBpopEval\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoNDSorting_II\fP< EOT > \fBsorting\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINSGAII sorting. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoDetTournamentWorthSelect\fP< EOT > \fBselectOne\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBinary tournament selection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoElitistReplacement\fP< EOT > \fBreplace\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElitist replacement. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoGeneralBreeder\fP< EOT > \fBgenBreed\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBeoBreed\fP< EOT > & \fBbreed\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class EOT> class moeoNSGA_II< EOT >"

.PP
Definition at line 31 of file moeoNSGA_II.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class EOT> \fBmoeoNSGA_II\fP< EOT >::\fBmoeoNSGA_II\fP (unsigned _max_gen, \fBeoEvalFunc\fP< EOT > & _eval, \fBeoGenOp\fP< EOT > & _op)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
This constructor builds the algorithm as descibed in the paper. 
.PP
Deb, K., S. Agrawal, A. Pratap, and T. Meyarivan, A fast elitist non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm for multi-objective optimization: NSGA-II. In IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation, Vol. 6, No 2, pp 182-197, April 2002. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_max_gen\fP number of generations before stopping 
.br
\fI_eval\fP evaluation function 
.br
\fI_op\fP variation operator 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 45 of file moeoNSGA_II.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO from the source code.
