.TH "FlowShopBenchmarkParser" 3 "13 Mar 2008" "Version 1.1" "ParadisEO-MOEO-MultiObjectiveEvolvingObjects" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
FlowShopBenchmarkParser \- Class to handle parameters of a flow-shop instance from a benchmark file.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <FlowShopBenchmarkParser.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFlowShopBenchmarkParser\fP (const std::string _benchmarkFileName)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const unsigned int \fBgetM\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIthe number of machines \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const unsigned int \fBgetN\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIthe number of jobs \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::vector< std::vector< unsigned int > > \fBgetP\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIthe processing times \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::vector< unsigned int > \fBgetD\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIthe due-dates \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprintOn\fP (std::ostream &_os) const "
.br
.RI "\fIprinting. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP (const std::string _benchmarkFileName)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialisation of the parameters with the data contained in the benchmark file. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBM\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInumber of machines \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBN\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInumber of jobs \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< std::vector< unsigned int > > \fBp\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIp[i][j] = processing time of job j on machine i \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< unsigned int > \fBd\fP"
.br
.RI "\fId[j] = due-date of the job j \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class to handle parameters of a flow-shop instance from a benchmark file. 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file FlowShopBenchmarkParser.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "FlowShopBenchmarkParser::FlowShopBenchmarkParser (const std::string _benchmarkFileName)"
.PP
Ctor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_benchmarkFileName\fP the name of the benchmark file 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 41 of file FlowShopBenchmarkParser.cpp.
.PP
References init().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void FlowShopBenchmarkParser::printOn (std::ostream & _os) const"
.PP
printing. 
.PP
.. 
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file FlowShopBenchmarkParser.cpp.
.PP
References d, M, N, and p.
.SS "void FlowShopBenchmarkParser::init (const std::string _benchmarkFileName)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Initialisation of the parameters with the data contained in the benchmark file. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_benchmarkFileName\fP the name of the benchmark file 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 92 of file FlowShopBenchmarkParser.cpp.
.PP
References d, M, N, and p.
.PP
Referenced by FlowShopBenchmarkParser().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO-MultiObjectiveEvolvingObjects from the source code.
