.TH "moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment" 3 "2 Jul 2007" "Version 1.0-beta" "ParadisEO-MOEO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment \- Fitness assignment sheme based on Pareto-dominance count proposed in: N.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoParetoBasedFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef MOEOT::ObjectiveVector \fBObjectiveVector\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe objective vector type of the solutions \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault ctor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment\fP (\fBmoeoObjectiveVectorComparator\fP< \fBObjectiveVector\fP > &_comparator)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor where you can choose your own way to compare objective vectors. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator()\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the fitness values for every solution contained in the population _pop. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdateByDeleting\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop, \fBObjectiveVector\fP &_objVec)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdates the fitness values of the whole population _pop by taking the deletion of the objective vector _objVec into account. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoneObjective\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the fitness values for mono-objective problems. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtwoObjectives\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the fitness values for bi-objective problems with a complexity of O(n log n), where n stands for the population size. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmObjectives\fP (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > &_pop)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the fitness values for problems with more than two objectives with a complexity of O(n² log n), where n stands for the population size. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoObjectiveVectorComparator\fP< \fBObjectiveVector\fP > & \fBcomparator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFunctor to compare two objective vectors. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoParetoObjectiveVectorComparator\fP< \fBObjectiveVector\fP > \fBparetoComparator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFunctor to compare two objective vectors according to Pareto dominance relation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment::ObjectiveComparator\fP \fBobjComparator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFunctor allowing to compare two solutions according to their first objective value, then their second, and so on. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBObjectiveComparator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFunctor allowing to compare two solutions according to their first objective value, then their second, and so on. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class MOEOT> class moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >"
Fitness assignment sheme based on Pareto-dominance count proposed in: N. 

Srinivas, K. Deb, 'Multiobjective Optimization Using Nondominated Sorting in Genetic Algorithms', Evolutionary Computation vol. 2, no. 3, pp. 221-248 (1994) and in: K. Deb, A. Pratap, S. Agarwal, T. Meyarivan, 'A Fast and Elitist Multi-Objective Genetic Algorithm: NSGA-II', IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation, vol. 6, no. 2 (2002). This strategy is, for instance, used in NSGA and NSGA-II. 
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT> \fBmoeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::\fBmoeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment\fP (\fBmoeoObjectiveVectorComparator\fP< \fBObjectiveVector\fP > & _comparator)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Ctor where you can choose your own way to compare objective vectors. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_comparator\fP the functor used to compare objective vectors 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 51 of file moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::operator() (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the fitness values for every solution contained in the population _pop. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBeoUF< eoPop< MOEOT > &, void >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment.h.
.PP
References moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::mObjectives(), and moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::oneObjective().
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::updateByDeleting (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop, \fBObjectiveVector\fP & _objVec)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Updates the fitness values of the whole population _pop by taking the deletion of the objective vector _objVec into account. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.br
\fI_objVec\fP the objective vector 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBmoeoFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 101 of file moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment.h.
.PP
References moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::comparator.
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::oneObjective (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop)\fC [inline, private]\fP"
.PP
Sets the fitness values for mono-objective problems. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 143 of file moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment.h.
.PP
References moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::objComparator.
.PP
Referenced by moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::operator()().
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::twoObjectives (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop)\fC [inline, private]\fP"
.PP
Sets the fitness values for bi-objective problems with a complexity of O(n log n), where n stands for the population size. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 165 of file moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment.h.
.SS "template<class MOEOT> void \fBmoeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment\fP< MOEOT >::mObjectives (\fBeoPop\fP< MOEOT > & _pop)\fC [inline, private]\fP"
.PP
Sets the fitness values for problems with more than two objectives with a complexity of O(n² log n), where n stands for the population size. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_pop\fP the population 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 175 of file moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment.h.
.PP
References moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::comparator.
.PP
Referenced by moeoFastNonDominatedSortingFitnessAssignment< MOEOT >::operator()().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO from the source code.
