.TH "moeoAggregativeComparator" 3 "2 Jul 2007" "Version 1.0-beta" "ParadisEO-MOEO" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
moeoAggregativeComparator \- Functor allowing to compare two solutions according to their fitness and diversity values, each according to its aggregative value.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <moeoAggregativeComparator.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmoeoComparator< MOEOT >< MOEOT >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmoeoAggregativeComparator\fP (double _weightFitness=1.0, double _weightDiversity=1.0)"
.br
.RI "\fICtor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const bool \fBoperator()\fP (const MOEOT &_moeo1, const MOEOT &_moeo2)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns true if _moeo1 < _moeo2 according to the aggregation of their fitness and diversity values. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBweightFitness\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe weight for fitness \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBweightDiversity\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe weight for diversity \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class MOEOT> class moeoAggregativeComparator< MOEOT >"
Functor allowing to compare two solutions according to their fitness and diversity values, each according to its aggregative value. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file moeoAggregativeComparator.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT> \fBmoeoAggregativeComparator\fP< MOEOT >::\fBmoeoAggregativeComparator\fP (double _weightFitness = \fC1.0\fP, double _weightDiversity = \fC1.0\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Ctor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_weightFitness\fP the weight for fitness 
.br
\fI_weightDiversity\fP the weight for diversity 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 31 of file moeoAggregativeComparator.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class MOEOT> const bool \fBmoeoAggregativeComparator\fP< MOEOT >::operator() (const MOEOT & _moeo1, const MOEOT & _moeo2)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns true if _moeo1 < _moeo2 according to the aggregation of their fitness and diversity values. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_moeo1\fP the first solution 
.br
\fI_moeo2\fP the second solution 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 40 of file moeoAggregativeComparator.h.
.PP
References moeoAggregativeComparator< MOEOT >::weightDiversity, and moeoAggregativeComparator< MOEOT >::weightFitness.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ParadisEO-MOEO from the source code.
